Darlene Dickinson, of Indiana, is accused of keeping her husband Hugh in squalor for some two years
She kept most of her house spotless — but left her one-legged husband in a 'filthy' room covered in garbage, feces, spoiled food and flies, police said
Hugh, 71, told cops that Darlene, 69, only fed him one warm meal and a Pepsi each day — and none of his meds
Hugh told police his leg was amputated because Darlene refused to clean it up or take him to the doctor after he had a sore that became infected
Hugh escaped when Darlene was in the hospital, and was found covered in feces by a neighbor
Darlene was arrested on two counts of felony neglect of a dependent

A wife in Indiana is accused of locking her one-legged elderly husband in a filthy room for two years, abandoning the ailing man to live in squalor without much food or any of his medication.

Cops say Darlene Dickinson, 69 of Greenwood, kept most of her house clean — except for the tiny room where she'd shut away her disabled husband Hugh Dickinson, 71.

That room was covered in garbage, feces, spoiled food and flies — and is described as 'filthy' by its sole occupant, who had a stroke in 2000.

Scroll down for video

Darlene Dickinson, 69 of Indiana, (left) is accused of keeping her disabled husband Hugh, 71, (right) locked away in a 'filthy' room with little food and no medication

Darlene was arrested Tuesday (pictured) on two charges of felony neglect of a dependent

Hugh said he could hardly sleep at night because of the flies the 'filthy' room attracted, Fox 59 reported.

'His room was covered in trash, covered in rotten food, was covered in feces,' said Shaina Carmichael, a deputy prosecutor at Johnson County.

'He was extremely thin, malnourished and needed care. His life and his welfare was being endangered and we believe that was knowing and intentional.'

Hugh told police his leg was amputated because of a sore three years ago that turned into an infection and later gangrened when Darlene refused to clean it up or take him to the doctor.

Hugh said he was only let out of this room once in the past two years, surviving on a diet of one warm meal and a Pepsi per day, WISH-TV reported.


Police began investigating in May when neighbor Lisa Tiedemann saw the elderly man walk out of the house, covered in his own waste. Darlene had apparently left for the hospital and he escaped.

Hugh told police his leg was amputated because of a sore that turned into an infection and later gangrened when Darlene (pictured) refused to clean it up or take him to the doctor

'He was in a very dirty t-shirt, in a diaper and covered in feces, ' Tiedemann told WTHR.

'Yeah, it was bad. It was the worst thing I'd ever seen. So yeah, she pretty much, he was at her mercy.'

Officers said Hugh weighed a meager 100 pounds at the time.


Darlene was arrested Tuesday and charged with two counts of felony neglect of a dependent, the Indy Star reported.

Hugh, who now lives with his son and daughter, has since gained 30 pounds, according to the newspaper.

Hugh was found by a neighbor wearing a soiled adult diaper and a dirty shirt, stumbling around the front of the couple's house (pictured)