"Sans, did you not just hear what toriel said? I can't leave the garden all alone." You laughed as you playfully punch his shoulder.

He looked at you giving a small chuckle.

"No, she said for you to be in charge of this place, she never said that you had to keep an EYE SOCKET out for it." He grinned. 1

You snorted a bit trying to hold back your laughter.

"Fine, but only for a little while. It wouod be nice to hang out with a 'friend' " you tried your best not to choke on the word friend. 18

He gives you a pat onthe shoulder, motioning to get going.

You felt like he was pushing you forward, as if he wanted you to get there faster. 20

You gave him a questioning look, but the face he had right now, made you feel slightly uncomfortable. 4

His eyes were filled with lust and a dark shade of blue was spreading across his face. 28

After heading through judgement hall, you were at the door of death itself.

"Paps won't be home for a while, he's out training with undyne." Sans said while ushering you to his dorm room. 12

You entered his dark room, but weren't really bothered (cause your the goddess of darkness of course). You sat on his bed while fiddling with your fingers.

"So... do you want to do something? I'll be ok with anything." You said trying not to sound to awkward. 31

His head perked up and slowly turns towards you.

Hw walks slowly towards you and crouches down to your height till he was inches away from your face.

" anything? " he said sounding a bit possesive at the moment. 50

You nod slwoly unsure of how to respond.

Without hesitation, he pushes you back and pins both of your arms over your head with one arm, while the other caresses your cheek. 24

"Then you don't mind playing a little game with me do you love~?" 28

You began to sweat and blush at the same time. 2

You knew exactly what he was talking about and you wanted it, but wasthis real or a fantasy? 35

You decided to take the risk. Because if this was a dream, you never wanna wake up.

"I'll do what you say sans"you said slyly, hoping it would catch him of guard,  and it did. 5

He was tooken back at your sudden words and you siezed this opportunity to flip him over so that you were the one on top. 2

"What? Did you think I was going to let you dominant me without a fight? I'm in charge here and now and you do as I say, clear?" You barked at him.

He was blushing intensely and was beginning to shake a bit.

But he returned the answer with a cool chilled 'no'.

You begin to grow impatiant, he tried to take top postition a couple of times, but soon gave up because you were much stronger than him.

"Heh, don't make me laugh kiddo, what makes you think I'm gonna go along with this- *gasp*!" His words were tooken back as you reached down under his dark cloak and took his soul and gripped it tightly. 19

He began to squirm a bit trying to get out of your deadly grip. 1

You noticed this and began to rub his soul and squeezing it making him moan.

You gazed at him smiling a bit.

"So, are you going to be a good boy and obey? Or do I have to punish you more?" You asked with your voice filled with love lust. 2

He panted slsowly, and sighed in defeat and nodded.

You grinned as you began to tie his hands behind his back.

As soon as you were finished, you began to take of your clothes slowly in front of him, making him slightly drool.

You sat on his lap, rubbing his crotch making him shiver in pleasure.

"You saw this coming so your gonma take this as a good boy okay? And trust me your going to like-no love what happens next!" You smiled very kindly at him awaiting an answer.

He grinned at you giving of a lazy sigh.

"Fine, give me your best shot love" he gave an amused smile as you were tooken back on his words. 4

But really...
It just turned you on more.

You kept rubbing his pelvis area until a blue bulge appeared.

You smirked and took his sythe and ripped his cloak in half. 24

He gives you a surprised look which soon turns inter anger.

"Hey kid, those things are hard to make you know!" He barked at you. 2

You shrugged your shoulders as your hand slowly reaches for his cock.

You suddenly grabbed it making him jolt.

You began to move your hand up and down at rapid speed making him moan and shake.

He was near climax, but you used your finger to plug it in.

"Nu-uh,  who said you can come? I'm not done with you yet" you gave an evil grin.

"W-wait p-please, I-I need to release-Gahhh~" he was shaking and sweating like crazy.

His whole face looked like a blueberry and he was heating up fast. 16

You blushed slightly and released your hand, allowing him to release.

But you weren't going to finish off there.

You began to rub your entrance aginst his precummed member making him twitch.

You slowly began to let it slip inside of you until it was fully inside your womanhood.

You waited a bit till the pain wore off, and waited for the knot to form.

Soon, pleasure overtook pain, and you began to bounce up and down panting softly.

It wasn't enough to satisfy your needs. 15

So without any warnings, you began to go maximum speed, making him grunt and moan in delight.

You could feel him growing knowing he was going to release, andyou were near your climax as well.

"*gasp* hah, SANS!~" You cried out.

"( Y / n )! " He yelled back and you bothed cummed at the same time.

You got off of sans and layed down right beside him.

There was a huge moment of silence before sans spoke up.

"Are*pant* are you going to untie me or what?" He gave out a small chuckle as you palmed yourself on the head for forgeting.

You both sat up and you untied his ropes.

But the second you got up to put your clothes back on, he grabbed your hand and yanked you back.

You fell onto the bed while he was hugging you.

You were burning red right now but yoi didn't hesitate to hug back. 7

The next thing you knew, he kissed you on the lips making you jolt at his sudden movement.

But you later on melted in with the kiss, and kissed him back passionately.

You both broke the kiss gasping for air as a string of saliva connected both of your tongues.

He smiled at you while blushing a bit and whispered in your ear

"I love you. "

You couldn't stop smiling.

You have waited for so long to hear those words and you wrapped you arms around his neck before replying.

"I love you too sans. I guess you can say that you reaped my heart out". You smiled. 9

He chuckled at your little pun before falling asleep,  with you following not so long after.
5
They saw darkness and death are something to be afraid of. 3

But it wouldn't kill you to try and learn more about both of them.

Darkness can always lead you somewhere no mortals eyes would ever seen before.

And death is a beginning of a new life.

Their both great separately,

But they are even better together. 13

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Ok this is probably the most touchiest thing I have ever wrote. And this is only the beginning I mean like, over 1.k views!!?? I'm starting to think that you people are trying to kill ,me on porpuse. But stay tuned for the next chapter and warning,
It's a threesome, and I'm not saying who exactly but if yoi want a hint here is one and I'm only giving one.
2
Both of these sanses don't belong in any multiverse (and no it's not ink, I already did him and he is involved in another threesome one shot) so of you think you got it or at least one of them, comment down below and I'll send you a private text message to tell you if you got it right or not! 2

So stay tuned for the next one shot everybody <3♥
