What happens when you cross a white lion with a white tiger? You get white ligers, obviously. Here are the incredible pictures.
One of the rarest animals in the world is the liger.
It's a cross between a male lion and a female tiger. Most of the animals are in captivity, but successful breeding is uncommon.
However, a lion-tiger pair in South Carolina is even more unusual.
Ivory (a lion) and Saraswati (a tiger) are a pure white, and they just had babies.
White tigers and lions are extremely uncommon.
One estimate puts the number of white tigers in the world at a mere 1,200.
White ligers are even more uncommon.
In fact, these little cubs may be the only white ligers in the world.
Yeti, Odlin, Sampson, and Apolo are healthy, growing cubs.
They reportedly weigh 15 pounds each, and they've gained around a pound per day since their birth.
These little guys are believed to be the first white ligers born to a male lion and female tiger.
That's an important distinction, because a female lion and male tiger create a "tigon," which is biologically distinct from a liger.
The cubs live at Myrtle Beach Safari, a conservation park in South Carolina.
They're already becoming the park's most popular attraction.
They're expected to grow to incredible sizes.
After all, it's in the family bloodline. Their uncle, a liger named Hercules, is the world's largest cat.
Ligers can grow to twice the size of their parents.
Hercules weighs a shocking 922 pounds.
He's 131 inches long (almost 11 feet) and four feet tall at the shoulder.
That's a whole lot of liger.
Hercules lives at the save wildlife preserve.
As these pictures show, he's fairly tame (well, as tame as a 922-pound animal can be).
The liger cubs have a ways to go before they're as big as Hercules.
Nevertheless, they'll soon tower over their human handlers.
Tigons are much less common.
They can weigh about 400 pounds, but they're much smaller than ligers.
Myrtle Beach Safari will let the cubs grow a bit before they're on regular display.
However, the park has plenty of other adorable cats to satisfy visitors.
White tigers are variants of Bengal tigers, but they're rare in the wild.
This is partially because selective breeding is impossible in the wild.
White lions aren't a subspecies, but rather a pigmentation variant.
In recent years, they've been selectively bred in zoos and wildlife parks.
Even so, white lions are extremely uncommon.
That puts the incredible birth of these white ligers into perspective!
