Asesino | Spanish to English Translation.
report this ad.
asesino.
áéíóúñ¿¡ .
Translate.
Your ad blocker is interfering with our search box and other site functionality. Disable your ad blocker on SpanishDict.com to make it work properly.
asesino.
  .
murderer.
 .
Dictionary.
Examples.
Video.
Looking for the verb asesinar instead?
el asesino, la asesina.
masculine or feminine noun.
1. (person who kills intentionally)  a. murderer  La policía atrapó al asesino antes de que matara alguien más.The police caught the murderer before he killed anyone else. b. murderess (feminine only)  La acusaron de ser una asesina cuando hallaron el cadáver de su esposo.She was accused of being a murderess when they found her husband's body. c. killer  Antes de terminar la película, había acertado María quién era el asesino.Before the end of the movie, Maria had guessed who the killer was.
2. (politically-motivated killer)  a. assassin  El asesino de Kennedy nunca fue sometido a juicio.Kennedy's assassin was never brought to trial.
adjective.
3. (deadly)  a. murderous  Los mongoles lanzaron un ataque asesino contra los aldeanos restantes.The Mongols launched a murderous attack on the remaining villagers. b. homicidal  La policía fue en busca de un maníaco asesino que ya había matado a varios.The police went in search of a homicidal maniac who had already killed several people.
4. (figurative) (threatening)  a. murderous (figurative)  Todos se apartaron de su camino cuando vieron la mirada asesina de sus ojos.Everyone got out of his way when they saw the murderous stare in his eyes.
Copyright © 2016 Curiosity Media Inc.
asesino.
adjective.
1. (también fig)  a. murderous .
Noun.
2. (de persona)  a. murderer, murderess .
3. (de rey, jefe de estado)  a. assassin  asesino profesionalprofessional killer asesino en serieserial killer asesino a sueldocontract killer.
Copyright © 2006 Harrap Publishers Limited.
asesino.
aasesina.
adjective.
murderous.
murder/murderess;
killer;
(Política)
assassin.
asesino/a en serie.
asesino/a múltiple.
serial killer.
El protagonista de Rosas Negras es sin duda el [asesino en serie] más fascinante de la galería de monstruos que ofrece el cine la literatura de los últimos años.
En "Kalifornia" Juliette es la compañera tímida de un [asesino en serie,] intepretado por su ex novio Brad Pitt.
La persistencia del mal en el mundo es obra del hombre "sano" y no del enfermo, pese a la historias excepcionales de los [psycho-killers] y los [asesinos múltiples] o [en serie.]
La persistencia del mal en el mundo es obra del hombre "sano" y no del enfermo, pese a la historias excepcionales de los [psycho-killers] y los [asesinos múltiples] o [en serie.]
asesino/a profesional.
hired killer.
Collins Complete Spanish Electronic Dictionary © HarperCollins Publishers 2011.
Examples.
'asesino'.
in our machine translators.
Search history.
Blog Posts.
10 Slang Words to Know Before Traveling to Ecuador.
6 Tips to Tackle Ser vs. Estar.
10 Slang Words to Know Before Traveling to Colombia.
10 Spanish Sayings with No English Equivalents.
View More Posts.
report this ad.
Did this page answer your question?
Yes.
No.
The page is...
Inaccurate.
Unclear.
Missing translations.
Missing conjugations.
Other.
What can we do to improve?
How can we follow up with you? (Optional)
Submit.
Your feedback was sent. We appreciate your comments!
report this ad.
Word of the Day.
Feb 23.
engatusar.
 to sweet-talk, to cajole.
Get the free word of the day!
Subscribe.
report this ad.
Popular Articles.
What Are Some Different Ways to End a Letter in Span...
What Does "¿Cómo se dice?" Mean?
Spanish Present Perfect Indicative.
The Days of the Week in Spanish.
Expressing Recommendations and Requests with the Sub...
report this ad.
report this ad.
Feedback.
Feedback.
SpanishDict is devoted to improving our site based on user feedback and introducing new and innovative features that will continue to help people learn and love the Spanish language. Have a suggestion, idea, or comment? Send us your feedback.
Your name.
Email address.
Subject.
Message.
Make Your Voice Heard.
You've been randomly selected to participate in a short, 5 questionsurvey on your experience with SpanishDict. We'll use your commentsto help improve your experience. Will you participate?
Take 5 Question Survey.
Share Your Opinion, Win $100.
You've been invited to complete a short survey to help improve SpanishDict. Two people who take the survey will be randomly selected to win $100 Amazon gift cards.
Take the Survey.
