climate
Average weather pattern in an area over a long period of time; can be classified by temperature, humidity, precipitation, and vegetation.

*The climate of Costa Rica includes tropical rain forests.
microclimate
Climate conditions within a small area that differ from those in the surrounding area.

*The surrounding mountains created a nicroclimate in the valley.
tropical zone
The area near the equator, between about 23.5° north latitude and 23.5° south latitude.

*Seasonal variations in the tropical zone are very small.
polar zone
The area near both poles from about 65.5° to 90 north and 66.5° to 90° south latitudes.

*Summer days are very long in the polar zone.
temperate zone
The areas between the tropical and the polar zones, from about 23.5° to 66.5° north and 23.5° to 66.5° south latitudes.

*The temperate zone is characterized by warm summers and cool winters.
marine climate
The climate of some coastal regions with relatively warm winters and cool summers.

*Areas with a marine climate typically have mild weather.
continental climate
The climate of the centers of continents, with cold winters and warm or hot summers.

*A continental climate has more extreme seasons than a marine climate.
windward
The side of a mountain range that faces the oncoming wind.

*The house on the windward side of the mountain was exposed to high winds.
leeward
The side of a mountain range that faces away from the upcoming wind.

*The leeward side of the mountain was sheltered from the wind.
monsoon
Sea or land breeze over a large region that changes direction with the seasons.

*Monsoon winds affect the climate of a region.
What Causes Climate?
Objectives
•Identify factors that influence temperature and precipitation

•Explain what causes the seasons
Factors Affecting Temperature
•Climate
-Average, year-after-year conditions

•Microclimate
-Small areas with climate conditions that differ from 
those around it.

•Latitude
-Tropical Zone
*23.5°N - 23.5°S
-Temperate Zone
*between tropical and polar
-Polar Zone
*66.5°N-90°N / 66.5°S-90°S

•Altitude
-For mountains, altitude is more important than latitude
-Temperature decreases about 6.5°C/1 km

•Distance from large bodies of water
-Marine Climates
*mild winters and cool summers
-Continental Climates
*more extreme temperatures: cold winters/ hot 
showers

•Ocean currents
-Gulf Stream flows to North Atlantic Drift
factors Affecting Precipitation
•Prevailing Winds
-Move air masses

•Mountain ranges
-Windward
*Side the wind hits
-Leeward
*downwind
-Rain shadow
*little precipitation

•Seasonal winds
-Monsoons
*Sea and land breezes over a large region that 
change direction
The Seasons
•Tilted Axis
-Seasons are caused by tilt of Earth's axis as Earth 
travels around the sun.
-23.5° tilt

•Effect of the tilted axis
-Different amounts of direct sunlight makes surface 
temperature change through the year
Identify factors that influence temperature and precipitation.
Latitude, altitude, distance from large bodies or water, climate, microclimate and ocean currents affect temperature and prevailing winds, mountains, and seasonal winds affect precipitation.
Explain what causes the seasons.
The Earth is tilted at 23.5°.
online content

Why do the areas near the equator not have seasons? (site 1)
The reason why there are no seasons near the Equator is because the sun is always striking and the temperatures are always high there.
online content

What can be displayed on a climatic graph? (site 2)
The temperature is shown on a line graph while the rainfall is shown on a bar graph. you can put anything you would on a regular graph it would just be about rain and temperature.
online content

What are biomes? (site 3)
Well world can separated into biomes each having it's own climate. But a biomes is a large naturally occurring community of flora and fauna.
two locations are at the same latitude in the temperate zone. One is in the middle of the continent. The other is on a coast affected by a warm ocean front. how will their climates differ?
the location at the coast will be more moderate because of its warm ocean current. The one in the middle will have more extreme winter and not so extreme summers because of where it is from the ocean.
a. 64 hits
The plate above experiences 90 hits from the Sun's rays out of 100 when it is in Position A. How many hits might the same plate experience in Position B?

a. 64 hits
b. 90 hits
c. 95 hits
d. 100 hits
b. Plate C
Of the plates listed, which will receive the highest number of hits from the Sun's rays when the Earth is positioned as shown above?

a. Plate A
b. Plate C
c. Plate F
d. Plate J
b. summer
What season is it in the northern hemisphere in the diagram above?

a. spring
b. summer
c. fall
d. winter
A person's risk of sunburn on a certain body part is greater the more directly the Sun's rays hit that body part. If a person is walking outside with the Sun directly overhead, what body part has the greatest risk for sunburn? (assume that none of the body parts mentioned below are covered by a hat or hair or anything.

a. forehead
b. nose
c. chin
d. top of the ears
d. top of the ears
a. Plate C
At the moment depicted in the picture above, which plate is experiencing daytime during the winter?

a. Plate C
b. Plate E
c. Plate I
d. Plate K
Explain why one hemisphere has spring at the same time the other hemisphere has autumn.
Because the Earth tilts on its axis at 23.5° as it revolves around the sun. In March and September neither end of the axis is tilted toward the sun.
Because Earth's axis is ______, the hemispheres receive different amounts of solar energy at different times.
tilted
Antarctica
Which continent lies almost completely within a polar zone?
Prevailing winds blow from the Pacific Ocean toward two cities separated by mountains. City A is on the leeward side of the mountains and city B is on the windward side. Which is likely to have a wetter climate? Explain your answer.
City A because as the air rises it cools and the water vapor condenses and make clouds that cause it rain or snow.
Africa
Which continent lies almost completely within the tropical zone?
Zone C

From 23.5°N-23.5°S
Which zone is the tropical zone?
The _______ Hemisphere receives fewer direct rays from the sun in January than in July.
Northern
the Tropical and Temperate Zones
Give the names of the zones in which South America lies.
Zones B and D
Which zones are Temperate Zones?
Zones A and E
Which zones are polar zones?
In winter in the Southern Hemisphere, the south end of Earth's axis is tilted away from the sun.

True or False
True
The main factors that affect an area's temperature are prevailing winds and mountains.

True or False
False
Areas near _____ do not have seasons because they receive the same amount of sunlight everyday.

a. the north pole
b. the equator
c. the prime meridian
d. the jet stream
b. the equator
What is another term for climatic zones?

a. weather patterns
b. mini-climates
c. biomes
d. isobars
c. biomes
Sea and land breezes over a large region that change direction with the season are called

a. savannas
b. prevailing winds
c. monsoons
d. doldrum winds
c. mosoons
The climate zones lying between 23.5° and 66.5° north and south latitude are called the 

a. temperate zones
b. polar zones
c. tropical zones
d. subtropical zones
a. temperate zones
The sun's rays are least direct

a. near the poles
b. near the equator
c. at high altitudes
d. far from the ocean
a. near the poles
What is shown on a climatic graph?

a. temperature and precipitation
b. temperature and latitude
c. precipitation and elevation
d. latitude and proximity to oceans
a. temperature and precipitation
Near the end of both March and September,

a. spring begins in both hemispheres
b. the sun's rays strike Earth with the same intensity everywhere
c. Earth's axis is no longer pointing at the North Star
d. neither end of the Earth's axis is tilted toward the sun
d. neither end of the Earth's axis is tilted toward the sun
The land on the leeward side of a mountain range is in a rain shadow.

True or False
True
Summers are caused by

a. a combination of longer days and more direct rays from the sun
b.less direct rays from the sun
c. longer days and longer nights
d. Earth in its orbit moving closer to the sun
a. a combination of longer days and more direct rays from the sun
Oceans make the temperatures of nearby land more extreme.

True or False
False
Because of its high elevation, Mount Kilimanjaro has a cool climate all year.

True or False
True
Streams of water called ocean currents move warm or cold water, warming or cooling the nearby land.

True or False
True
The farther you live from an ocean, the more likely your climate will be a 

a. marine climate
b. tropical climate
c. continental climate
d. subtropical climate
c. continental climate

