Bollywood celebs: Then and now
Ladies, feast your eyes on Fawad Khan! The actor, who is currently gearing up for his next action drama ‘Maula Jatt’, has outgrown his lean and charming avatar to embrace his buff side for director Bilal Lashari’s upcoming Pakistani film.

A picture that was recently shared by fellow Pakistani actor Mikaal Zulfiqar, showed the debonair actor in a hot new avatar that sent mercury levels through the roof. The pic, clicked in a gym, shows the hunk proudly flaunting his ripped new bod in a white tee with a goofy smile peeking from under his gruff beard.

Fawad was last seen in the Bollywood hit ‘Ae Dil Hai Mushkil’. The ongoing ban against Pakistani artistes working in the film industry, post the Uri attacks, has forced the actor to stay grounded on home soil.
Aditya Chopra is the man behind several hits like the cult ‘Diwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’, ‘Mohabbatein’ and ‘Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi’. However, we rarely get a glimpse of the celebrated filmmaker as he is extremely media-shy and goes to great lengths to stay away from the public glare.

To our pleasant surprise, we found a rare throwback picture of the reclusive filmmaker. His younger brother and actor Uday Chopra recently shared a picture of Aditya as a baby. While his mother Pamela Chopra can be seen holding Aditya in her arms, father Yash Chopra and veteran actress Rakhee are seen showering affections on the baby. Uday captioned the image, “Love this pic! The little one is my brother”. Picture perfect, isn’t it?
There’s not an ounce of doubt that Bollywood’s Baadshah Shah Rukh Khan is the most charming man in tinsel town. While fans just can’t get enough of romantic Raj, they also know what a doting father and a loving husband he is in real life.
We recently stumbled upon this throwback picture of the actor with his wife Gauri Khan and elder son Aryan Khan.
Shah Rukh and Gauri can be seen twinning in a grey sweatshirt and posing for an adorable photo with their firstborn. Aryan, the little munchkin is trying to pop his head and pose for the photo too. Isn’t it absolutely cute?
There’s a huge transformation in Aryan from being the round cutesy baby to the handsome hunk he is today. He is currently pursuing his higher studies and fans can’t wait to watch him make his Big Bollywood entry
Shah Rukh Khan has come a long way ever since the release of his blockbuster ‘Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge’ which hit the theatres in 1995. It was this Aditya Chopra-directed film that catapulted SRK to the league of superstars. Not just that, the actor became the undisputed king of romance with the success of this film – a distinction that he holds to date. More than two decades later, the father of three continues to rule Bollywood with a fan following in millions.

This still of Shah Rukh from ‘Ho Gaya Hai Tujhko To Pyaar Sajna’ has been doing the rounds online since Tuesday morning. One look at it and you’re transported back to the old school romance of Raj and Simran.

Sonam Kapoor’s Instagram is filled with her posing in designer clothes, beautiful locations and all things pretty. After vacationing in the snowy valleys of Altaussee, the ‘Neerja’ actress posted this throwback picture on social media.

Clad in her school uniform, with a water-bottle at an arm’s length, Sonam paints the vintage picture with an innocent stare to the camera. She captioned the image, “I love some random memories that make me forget the complications of being grown up.. #rainbowsandbutterflies #childhood”

We all want to forget the complications of grown-up life, don’t we?
