During the 2009 "Lipids in Health and Disease" study, some participants reported headaches, gas and sleep problems. The incidence of side effects was similar in both the treatment group and the placebo group, however. The Drugs.com website reports additional mild adverse effects connected with African mango during clinical trials, including dry mouth, gastrointestinal problems and flu-like symptoms.
Allergy and Drug Interactions

It is possible to have an allergic reaction to African mango, so do not take the extract if you have an allergy or sensitivity to any components of the plant. Because of limited research, possible interactions with drugs are theoretical, according to the Drugs.com site. The fiber in African mango may delay stomach emptying, which could alter the effects of prescription medications. The supplement may also exacerbate the side effects of medications that treat diabetes, high cholesterol and obesity.
African Mango Adverse Effects

During the 2009 "Lipids in Health and Disease" study, some participants reported headaches, gas and sleep problems. The incidence of side effects was similar in both the treatment group and the placebo group, however. The Drugs.com website reports additional mild adverse effects connected with African mango during clinical trials, including dry mouth, gastrointestinal problems and flu-like symptoms.
Allergy and Drug Interactions

It is possible to have an allergic reaction to African mango, so do not take the extract if you have an allergy or sensitivity to any components of the plant. Because of limited research, possible interactions with drugs are theoretical, according to the Drugs.com site. The fiber in African mango may delay stomach emptying, which could alter the effects of prescription medications. The supplement may also exacerbate the side effects of medications that treat diabetes, high cholesterol and obesity.
African Mango Adverse Effects

During the 2009 "Lipids in Health and Disease" study, some participants reported headaches, gas and sleep problems. The incidence of side effects was similar in both the treatment group and the placebo group, however. The Drugs.com website reports additional mild adverse effects connected with African mango during clinical trials, including dry mouth, gastrointestinal problems and flu-like symptoms.
Allergy and Drug Interactions

It is possible to have an allergic reaction to African mango, so do not take the extract if you have an allergy or sensitivity to any components of the plant. Because of limited research, possible interactions with drugs are theoretical, according to the Drugs.com site. The fiber in African mango may delay stomach emptying, which could alter the effects of prescription medications. The supplement may also exacerbate the side effects of medications that treat diabetes, high cholesterol and obesity.
African Mango Adverse Effects

During the 2009 "Lipids in Health and Disease" study, some participants reported headaches, gas and sleep problems. The incidence of side effects was similar in both the treatment group and the placebo group, however. The Drugs.com website reports additional mild adverse effects connected with African mango during clinical trials, including dry mouth, gastrointestinal problems and flu-like symptoms.
Allergy and Drug Interactions

It is possible to have an allergic reaction to African mango, so do not take the extract if you have an allergy or sensitivity to any components of the plant. Because of limited research, possible interactions with drugs are theoretical, according to the Drugs.com site. The fiber in African mango may delay stomach emptying, which could alter the effects of prescription medications. The supplement may also exacerbate the side effects of medications that treat diabetes, high cholesterol and obesity.
2016 US presidential debate: Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off for the first time
Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and Republican nominee Donald Trump met for the first debate at Hofstra University in Long Island, New York.
2:38pm on 27 Sep 2016
That's it from us here on the liveblog. Fairfax websites will continue to provide analysis and coverage of the debate aftermath throughout the day. 
2:28pm on 27 Sep 2016
Hillary Clinton's probability of winning the White House gained in online betting markets following the first debate between her and Donald Trump, according to Reuters.

A Clinton contract on the popular PredictIt betting market gained 6 cents from the previous day's level to 69 cents, while a contract favouring Donald Trump's prospects for victory tumbled 7 cents to 31 cents.

The price swings for both candidates were the largest since early August, and placed Clinton's lead in that market at the widest in about two weeks.

Full story here.
2:26pm on 27 Sep 2016
One of Trump's repeated themes throughout the debate, and indeed the campaign, is that Clinton has had a long career in public life to achieve her goals, and shouldn't be trusted with four years in the White House. Here's a clip showing that line of attack:
2:19pm on 27 Sep 2016
The Fed is being 'political'

Another exchange we struggled to include in the rapid-fire debate, were Trump's comments on Janet Yellen and the Federal Reserve.

This comes via Bloomberg:

Trump targeted the Federal Reserve and warned that the central bank's policy of keeping interest rates low was politically motivated and sustaining artificial highs in the stock market. It's a claim Fed Chair Janet Yellen has repeatedly denied.

"We are in a big fat ugly bubble and we better be awfully careful," he said. "And we have a Fed that's doing political things. Janet Yellen of the Fed, the Fed is doing political things by keeping interest rates at this level."
2:14pm on 27 Sep 2016
Several outlets are reporting Trump has complained of a "defective mic" after the debate.  

This transcript is via CBS' Sopan Deb:
2:11pm on 27 Sep 2016
Though Trump said he did a "great job", others were not so impressed with the performance of debate moderator Lester Holt.

This analysis via The Washington Post: 

NBC News anchor Lester Holt took a largely passive role Monday as the moderator of the first presidential debate of 2016, staying in the background as Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump traded verbal blows on the economy, race relations and national security.

Holt irregularly asked follow-up questions and declined to intervene as Trump interrupted Clinton and made a series of questionable assertions.

Full story here.
1:58pm on 27 Sep 2016
Here's some more from Trump backstage saying he's glad he didn't discuss Bill Clinton's "indiscretions".

1:54pm on 27 Sep 2016
Correction: Apologies for the confusion, an earlier post had some embedded Tweets purporting to be from Rudy Giuliani. This was an impersonator and they've been removed.
1:35pm on 27 Sep 2016
There are some complaints from Trump supporters online right now about the moderating by Lester Holt, but Trump himself says the anchor did a great job:
1:32pm on 27 Sep 2016
Haven't found the NY Post yet but clear at least their social media manager thinks Clinton won easily:
1:31pm on 27 Sep 2016
The tabloids are already mocking up their front pages. Here's the NY Daily News (which is backing Clinton).
1:26pm on 27 Sep 2016
Strong endorsement for Trump from his newest fan and former bitter rival, Senator Ted Cruz.

Cruz has called it Trump's "strongest debate performance of the election cycle. He drew strong contrasts with Hillary on taxes, regulations, law and order, and the disastrous Iran deal."

"Rather than Hillary's America, we need to take a different path. A path that would begin to restore our country from the damage it has suffered the last eight years."
1:20pm on 27 Sep 2016
Ouch. 
1:18pm on 27 Sep 2016
One sharp riposte I missed earlier from Hillary Clinton, saying the fact that she prepared for the debate was a virtue. 

1:09pm on 27 Sep 2016 Nick O'Malley
Analysis: Clinton was unable to adequately explain why she once backed the TPP and now did not, and her use of a private email server continues to embarrass her, though she dealt with that question as well as could be expected. She was at her strongest when she attacked Trump for his ugly history of sexism, which is a serious political problem for him. It helps Clinton communicate with younger women, who are otherwise unexcited by her candidacy, and their mothers - older married women - who polling suggest have recently supported Republican candidates, but are abandoning Trump.
1:09pm on 27 Sep 2016 Nick O'Malley
Analysis: It was telling throughout the debate that Trump spoke directly to his existing base rather than seeking to expand it. This was noticeable during the early sections, when he sought to tie Clinton to unpopular trade deals, but particularly telling when he was asked to discuss the racial divide in America. At that point Trump spoke straight to a certain section of angry white voters who oppose protests by Black Lives Matter.

Trump was also damaged by his answers - or failure to give answers - to questions about why he has not released his tax returns. At one point he seemed to confirm that he does not pay federal income tax because if he did, he said, it would be "squandered." 
1:05pm on 27 Sep 2016
That thing Trump was too kind to mention about Clinton and her family in the debate is really slipping out backstage. This apparently just now on CNN:
 
1:03pm on 27 Sep 2016
Trump is continuing to talk backstage. Asked whether he tacitly admitted he doesn't pay federal tax, he doesn't deny it but says he didn't say that at all. He then says again he hates the way tax dollars are spent. 
 
1:00pm on 27 Sep 2016
Here's the NYPD's Assistant Commissioner for Communications on Trump's claim that murders have gone up since Stop and Frisk was abolished in New York City.
The Huffington Post reported recently the murder rate in the city was at an historic low in the first quarter of 2016.

 
12:52pm on 27 Sep 2016
Trump leaves the debate stage and goes straight into a one-on-one interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News - the anchor who is supporting his candidacy and recently appeared in an ad. 

Hannity asks about that last exchange on sexism. Trump gives some clue as to what the thing he wanted to say about Clinton's family but didn't say explicitly.

Trump says Bill and Chelsea were in the crowd "I didn't want to say what I was going to say about what was going on in their life... I thought that would be very disrespectful."
