Cool facts about 7 Earth-size planets circling single star
By Marcia Dunn | Updated February 23, 2017 - 10:45am
Talk about an Earth-shattering discovery.

Scientists have spotted seven Earth-size planets around a nearby star, some or all of which could harbor water and possibly life. That's the biggest cluster of planets like this yet to be found.

This illustration provided by NASA/JPL-Caltech shows an artist's conception of what the TRAPPIST-1 planetary system may look like, based on available data about their diameters, masses and distances from the host star. The planets circle tightly around a dim dwarf star called Trappist-1, barely the size of Jupiter. Three are in the so-called habitable zone, where liquid water and, possibly life, might exist. The others are right on the doorstep. NASA/JPL-Caltech via AP
7 Earth-size worlds found orbiting star; could hold life
By Marcia Dunn | Updated February 23, 2017 - 10:06am
For the first time, astronomers have discovered seven Earth-size planets orbiting a single nearby star — and these new worlds could hold life.

This image provided by Penny Boston shows a red wall in a cave with butterfly crystal. In a Mexican cave system so beautiful and hot that it is called both Fairyland and hell, scientists have discovered life trapped in crystals that could be 50,000 years old. The bizarre and ancient microbes were found dormant in caves in Naica, Mexico, and were able to exist by living on minerals such as iron and manganese, said Penny Boston, head of NASA's Astrobiology Institute. Penny Boston via AP
Biologists find weird cave life that may be 50,000 years old
| Updated February 19, 2017 - 11:52am
In a Mexican cave system so beautiful and hot that it is called both Fairyland and hell, scientists have discovered life trapped in crystals that could be 50,000 years old.
Diwata-2 to be launched next year
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 23, 2017 - 12:00am
Diwata-2, the second microsatellite to be designed and built by Filipino engineers, is set for launch in 2018, according to Science and Technology Secretary Fortunato dela Peña.

Pagasa to adopt NOAH technology
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 23, 2017 - 12:00am
The Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) will use the technologies developed by Project NOAH (Nationwide Operational Assessment of Hazards).

Smog pushes Beijing residents to innovate for the world
| Updated February 23, 2017 - 12:00am
Residents concerned about breathing the Chinese capital’s thick gray air are adapting, inventing and even creating businesses to protect the health of their families and others. Some of their efforts could help people around the world.

Pagasa decries belittling of its capability to handle NOAH
By Helen Flores | Updated February 16, 2017 - 12:00am
State weathermen cried foul Tuesday over criticisms that they are not competent to handle the work of Project NOAH, a P6.4-billion project started by the previous administration.

Career official in DOST9 promoted to USEC
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 16, 2017 - 12:00am
A long-time director of the Department of Science and Technology for the Zamboanga region has been appointed as DOST’s undersecretary for regional operations.

Pinoy nuclear researcher makes waves in Japan
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 16, 2017 - 12:00am
A researcher of the Department of Science and Technology-Philippine Nuclear Research Institute (DOST-PNRI) has bagged a string of awards and recognition in Japan for tapping nanoparticles to improve chemotherapy.

Mangroves potential lab for antibiotics
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 9, 2017 - 12:00am
Philippine mangrove ecosystems have abundant bacteria whose bioactive compounds can be used to produce powerful antibiotics, according to research conducted by the University of the Philippines in Los Baños (UPLB) and Department of Science and Technology-National Research Council of the Philippines.

StarScience: Saving Laguna de Bay 2
By Macrina Tamayo-Zafaralla, PHD | Updated February 9, 2017 - 12:00am
East Bay had the best rated water quality with a score of 81 percent. All water quality indicators were rated A except chlorophyll a which was rated zero percent.

Provincial board backs Lingayen ecotourism park bill
By Eva Visperas | Updated February 9, 2017 - 12:00am
The provincial board has endorsed the passage of a House bill providing for the establishment of the Lingayen Gulf Marine Eco-Tourism Park here.

Inventors set to open Onestore Hub
By Rainier Allan Ronda | Updated February 9, 2017 - 12:00am
The Filipino Inventors Society Producers Cooperative will tie up with the Department of Science and Technology (DOST) to turn the FISPC’s showroom in Quezon City into a OneStore Hub.
