
Aries (Mar 21 - Apr 20)
People will be more responsive to your ideas. An excellent day for sorting out romantic ruffles. Try to postpone financial transactions scheduled to take place today. 
#Aries Weekly Prediction
Taurus (Apr 21 - May 20)
Listen and follow the advice of people more experienced than you. Don’t neglect family just because you are caught up with work. 
#Taurus Weekly Prediction
Gemini (May 21 - Jun 21)
Before you make any commitment on the personal front, make sure that your work is not affected. Your health might require immediate attention. 
#Gemini Weekly Prediction
Cancer (Jun 22 - Jul 22)
Legal matters will work out in your favour. Perfect day to deal with banks, insurance, leasing and other finance-related companies. You need to manage your time and learn how to multitask. 
#Cancer Weekly Prediction
Leo (Jul 23 - Aug 23)
Your financial condition will improve substantially. A rival at work might offer you an olive branch. Put in more effort to complete tasks that you have been postponing for sometime now. 
#Leo Weekly Prediction
Virgo (Aug 24 - Sep 23)
A balanced approach in financial matters will add to monetary stability. Those traveling with a specific purpose will achieve their aim. Channelising your energy in something you want to accomplish will bring good results. 
#Virgo Weekly Prediction
Libra (Sep 24 - Oct 23)
New business plans or deals need extra care and active participation. Some of you could fly abroad for a business meeting. Students must not waste their time on unproductive activities. 
#Libra Weekly Prediction
Scorpio (Oct 24 - Nov 22)
Some of you may receive the increment at work you were waiting for. A lifestyle change may be needed to improve your health. 
#Scorpio Weekly Prediction
Sagittarius (Nov 23 - Dec 21)
Avoid any arguments at the work place. Make sure you utilise your time in a meaningful way today. It is a good day for making financial investments. 
#Sagittarius Weekly Prediction
Capricon (Dec 22 - Jan 21)
Tough competition at work might dishearten you. However, seniors will appreciate your suggestions. Take a short break from work to de-stress. 
#Capricon Weekly Prediction
Aquarius (Jan 22 - Feb 19)
Those in the marketing field will find it difficult to achieve their targets. A dominating attitude towards family members will only lead to arguments and bring criticism. 
#Aquarius Weekly Prediction
Pisces (Feb 20 - Mar 20)
You will finally find time to pursue things that you love doing the most. Before taking any important decision, keep the interest of your family in mind. You might have to finish a challenging project at work before the deadline. 
#Pisces Weekly Prediction
