Ranbir Kapoor, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan throwback image will be a thing to talk about all day long. And no, we haven't even touched on Ae Dil Hai Mushkil.
Ranbir Kapoor and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s slow burning number Bulleya from Ae Dil Hai Mushkil has been our guilty pleasure ever since it landed. You can actually see the zzz of electricity every time they touch each other in the Karan Johar film. The thing is, they have always looked great together and we have a throwback pic to prove it.
Go back 18 years when Aishwarya was a beauty queen just starting on her Bollywood career and Ranbir was a chubby, cute teenager. She was a Bollywood novice and he was years away from his Bollywood career. The film was Aa Ab Laut Chalein, which was the directorial debut of Rishi Kapoor and starred Akshaye Khanna.
Read: Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor are in love and lust in Bulleya, watch video
WATCH VIDEO: First impression of Ae Dil Hai Mushkil trailer starring Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Ranbir Kapoor
No, Ranbir Kapoor didn’t star in the film, he was an assistant director. And that was the time that this picture of Aishwarya and Ranbir was taken. Based on how people living abroad lose connect with their families back home, the film was shot in the US.
Aa Ab Laut Chalein sank without a trace but who knew it will give all of us so much pleasure 18 years later. Don’t Aishwarya and Ranbir look absolutely adorable together? The picture was tweeted by Rumi Jaffry, who wrote, “I tuk dis pic lng tym bck in USA. @Ranbir_Kapoor wantd 2 knw, hw u lkd 2gthr. Nw u bth wrkng 2thr and lukn awsum. Mri dua hai flm spr hit ho.”
Well, they look very different from Ae Dil Hai Mushkil though. The sizzle they have generated together in the Karan Johar film has paled even Ranbir Anushka Sharma jodi in the film. If you still want another proof of it, we ask you to go and watch Aishwarya as she says, “Main kissi ki zaroorat nahi, khwaish banna chahti hu.” Or the scene where they are licking cupcake cream off each other, if that’s not hot as hell, what is?
Ae Dil Hai Mushkil releases on Diwali this year. The film also stars Fawad Khan in a guest role. This is Karan’s return to direction after absence of almost four years.
