Raining?!?!?! 3rd or 4th September
Discussion in 'Weather' started by xhjsdaa, Aug 27, 2016.
 
xhjsdaa
Just Registered
Hi guys,

I am newbie here. I am heading to perisher next weekend planning to spend one day at perisher.
I will only be staying in Jindabyne on Saturday night (3rd sep), that means I can choose to ski on either Saturday or Sunday.
Having checked the 14 days weather forecast at perisher, I got some bad news..... It seems like it will be raining over the weekend.
I wish I could change my plan a bit, but for many reasons I can't 
My questions are:

Which day should I go?
Where should I go, Perisher, Thredbo or elsewhere?
How soon should I book my tickets?
What can I do on the day that I am not going to ski? Visiting national park?

Thank you so much for you help!!
xhjsdaa, Aug 27, 2016 #1
kiter
Active Member
Check what movies are playing in JIndy ,maybe some while water rafting or canoeing the snowy below JIndy dam . do not book resort tickets . Wait and see on the day what the weather is like if it's nice and you can get some freshly waxed wide planks spend the extra . I wouldn't book ahead . The snow will be porridge and lots of bare patches
kiter, Aug 27, 2016 #2
 
 
Egbert
Dedicated Member
Are you a just newbie here, or also a newbie to skiing? If you are new to skiing then snow condition won't matter so much. And why not ski both days. Tickets are slightly cheaper if you buy online 7 days in advance.
Egbert, Aug 27, 2016 #3
 
 
Egbert
Dedicated Member
Oh, and you used a swear word in your thread topic.
Egbert, Aug 27, 2016 #4
 DidSurfNowSki and nfip like this.
 
 
xhjsdaa
Just Registered
↑ Egbert said: Are you a just newbie here, or also a newbie to skiing? If you are new to skiing then snow condition won't matter so much. And why not ski both days. Tickets are slightly cheaper if you buy online 7 days in advance.
First time in my life. I don't want to spend money on two days. If I found myslef love ski, I'll plan a proper holiday next year. Since rain won't matter that much,should I just pick a day that is convenient to me
xhjsdaa, Aug 27, 2016 #5
 
 
Stratus
Addicted Member
First time ever learning to ski in the rain? Good way to be discouraged for life.
Stratus, Aug 27, 2016 #6
 nfip and Vermillion like this.
 
 
Majikthise
Sage
Moderator
Season Pass Gold
I am not convinced yet that sat/sun is all wet. Friday into saturday looks very damp. For a beginner I figure you are going to have more ski options at Perisher.
Majikthise, Aug 27, 2016 #7
 MarkV, 1st_King_of_QBN and POW_hungry like this.
 
 
xhjsdaa
Just Registered
↑ Majikthise said: I am not convinced yet that sat/sun is all wet. Friday into saturday looks very damp. For a beginner I figure you are going to have more ski options at Perisher.
Thank you for your reply. I have checked weather again this morning at http://www.bom.gov.au/nsw/forecasts/perisher.shtml
It says in Saturday, Cloudy. High (80%) chance of showers. Snow possible above 1700 metres. Light winds. I have check the elevation at preisher is 1800. Does that mean it will snow on Saturday?
xhjsdaa, Aug 29, 2016 #8
 
 
Jellybeans1000
Dedicated Member
↑ xhjsdaa said: Thank you for your reply. I have checked weather again this morning at http://www.bom.gov.au/nsw/forecasts/perisher.shtml
It says in Saturday, Cloudy. High (80%) chance of showers. Snow possible above 1700 metres. Light winds. I have check the elevation at preisher is 1800. Does that mean it will snow on Saturday?
Maybe. But Perisher Centre is about 1600m high, so I reckon a mixture of rain, sleet and hopefully some snow.
Jellybeans1000, Aug 29, 2016 #9
 
 
nfip
Addicted Member
Season Pass Gold
Sunday looks the better day.
Also generally less peeps on the hill Sundays than on a Saturday ,
tho the weather may change this trend on the weekend.
Oh and as Egbert mentioned , don't use the R word .
Try ..... clear powder or even wet stuff is better 
Enjoy your weekend and time in the mountains.
nfip, Aug 29, 2016 #10
 
 
DidSurfNowSki
Dedicated Member
Season Pass Gold
Some people can rug up and ski in the r**n, but I am not one of them. You need really high quality gear on and even then it's not nice.

If it's r**ning, I'd find somewhere else to be, IMO.
DidSurfNowSki, Aug 29, 2016 #11
 Majikthise likes this.
 
 
Claude Cat
Gone Fishing
Moderator
Season Pass Gold
We have this date range covered in the prediction thread. Follow the action there.
Claude Cat, Aug 29, 2016
