"Sans, did you not just hear what toriel said? I can't leave the garden all alone." You laughed as you playfully punch his shoulder.
He looked at you giving a small chuckle.
"No, she said for you to be in charge of this place, she never said that you had to keep an EYE SOCKET out for it." He grinned.
You snorted a bit trying to hold back your laughter.
"Fine, but only for a little while. It wouod be nice to hang out with a 'friend' " you tried your best not to choke on the word friend.
He gives you a pat onthe shoulder, motioning to get going.
You felt like he was pushing you forward, as if he wanted you to get there faster.
You gave him a questioning look, but the face he had right now, made you feel slightly uncomfortable.
His eyes were filled with lust and a dark shade of blue was spreading across his face.
After heading through judgement hall, you were at the door of death itself.
"Paps won't be home for a while, he's out training with undyne." Sans said while ushering you to his dorm room.
You entered his dark room, but weren't really bothered (cause your the goddess of darkness of course). You sat on his bed while fiddling with your fingers.
"So... do you want to do something? I'll be ok with anything." You said trying not to sound to awkward.
His head perked up and slowly turns towards you.
Hw walks slowly towards you and crouches down to your height till he was inches away from your face.
" anything? " he said sounding a bit possesive at the moment.
You nod slwoly unsure of how to respond.
Without hesitation, he pushes you back and pins both of your arms over your head with one arm, while the other caresses your cheek.
"Then you don't mind playing a little game with me do you love~?".
You began to sweat and blush at the same time.
You knew exactly what he was talking about and you wanted it, but wasthis real or a fantasy?
You decided to take the risk. Because if this was a dream, you never wanna wake up.
"I'll do what you say sans"you said slyly, hoping it would catch him of guard,  and it did.
He was tooken back at your sudden words and you siezed this opportunity to flip him over so that you were the one on top.
"What? Did you think I was going to let you dominant me without a fight? I'm in charge here and now and you do as I say, clear?" You barked at him.
He was blushing intensely and was beginning to shake a bit.
But he returned the answer with a cool chilled 'no'.
You begin to grow impatiant, he tried to take top postition a couple of times, but soon gave up because you were much stronger than him.
"Heh, don't make me laugh kiddo, what makes you think I'm gonna go along with this- *gasp*!" His words were tooken back as you reached down under his dark cloak and took his soul and gripped it tightly.
He began to squirm a bit trying to get out of your deadly grip.
You noticed this and began to rub his soul and squeezing it making him moan.
