Celebs.
Britain's Got Talent star Susan Boyle writes letter of apology after airport meltdown.
The 55-year-old singer was led away by police after an incident at Heathrow Airport.
 Share.
 Comments.
By.
Aidan Scott.
10:39, 28 APR 2016.
Updated11:18, 28 APR 2016.
Celebs.
Singer Susan Boyle.
(Photo: PA)
 Share.
 Comments.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox.
+ Subscribe.
Thank you for subscribing!
Could not subscribe, try again later.
Invalid Email.
Britain's Got Talent star Susan Boyle has written a letter of apology to airline staff after a heated row at Heathrow.
The singer was led away from the British Airways lounge by police after an incident on Monday.
And now she is writing to staff to personally apologise after the heated dispute, which occurred while on her way back to her home in West Lothian, Scotland.
Witnesses said a confused-looking SuBo was shouting, "I've done nothing wrong, I've done nothing wrong" during the commotion.
The singer's management team said the airport episode was triggered by her Asperger's syndrome.
They also said future European tours may be limited to to road journeys to prevent future incidents.
SuBo's spokesman said: "The incident at Heathrow occurred because of Susan's well-documented Asperger syndrome.
Susan Boyle on Britain's Got Talent.
(Photo: ITV)
"It is a life-long condition and one of the many characteristics is outbursts.
"She continues to enjoy her music career. That is very important to her and brings happiness to her life whilst trying to balance the many challenges that Aspergers brings.".
Read more:
Susan Boyle shocks travellers with frantic plea for help in airport lounge.
The singer has previously admitted that the condition can leave her feeling depressed and can cause mood swings.
It isn't the first time SuBo has had an airport meltdown.
The singer has suffered well-documented struggles with fame.
(Photo: ITV)
Susan Boyle in Derry.
(Photo: Mirrorpix)
Last month she was reportedly spotted shouting for help at Derry Airport in Northern Ireland.
Susan was led into a sideroom by airport staff who comforted her.
She later insisted she would bounce back and said she was excited by a new album which will be out at Christmas.
Susan still lives in the same home where she has lived for many years in Blackburn, West Lothian, and remains active as a church volunteer.
Like us on Facebook.
Follow us on Twitter.
Celebs Newsletter.
Follow @mirrorceleb.
Subscribe to our Celebs newsletter.
Enter email.
Subscribe.
Comments.
Show more comments.
More On.
Susan Boyle.
Britain’s Got Talent.
Celebs.
all.
Most Read.
Most Recent.
Cheryl.
Cheryl FINALLY confirms her pregnancy as she cradles her baby bump on adorable photoshoot.
Cheryl, 33, wears a figure-hugging dress and holds her hands underneath her stomach in the L'Oreal campaign image alongside the likes of Dame Helen Mirren and TV personality Katie Piper.
Pamela Anderson.
Pamela Anderson will campaign for men falsely accused of rape because of Julian Assange friendship.
She criticises Sweden's "very progressive laws against sexual crimes".
Kim Kardashian sex tape.
'New' Kim Kardashian sex tape leaks showing never before seen X-rated footage of the reality star.
Raunchy footage of what appears to be the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star in bed has leaked online.
Brit Awards.
Model Cami Morrone is the centre of attention at the Brit Awards in nipple-flashing sheer dress.
The Victoria's Secret stunner had all eyes on her in the risqué design.
Katy Perry.
Katy Perry abruptly walks out of awkward BRIT Awards red carpet interview with George Shelley and Lilah Parsons.
"I'm firing you!" she said before handing back the mic and storming off.
Brit Awards.
The 1975 filmed illegally smoking 'cigarette' underneath table at the Brit Awards after picking up Best British Band gong.
The video was posted on Instagram by one of the band's members.
Fashion.
Best prom dresses under £50 - proof you don't need to spend hundreds to look good on your big day.
Worried about spending a small fortune on prom? We have you covered...
Nicole Scherzinger.
Nicole Scherzinger goes underwear free in risqué sheer silver dress to party the night away following BRITs.
The X Factor judge headed to the Universal Music celebrations with the likes of Katy Perry and Ellie Goulding.
3am.
GALLERY - Warner After Party.
Brit Awards.
Ed Sheeran, Brooklyn Beckham, Holly Willoughby, Caroline Flack and more head to glitzy Brits after party.
The stars carried on partying into the night after the show wrapped up.
Most Read.
Most Recent.
Nasa.
Exoplanet discovery: Take a 360 degree tour of Earth-like planet that COULD host alien life.
NASA has put together an artist's impression of what the view might look like from the surface of Trappist-1d.
Nasa.
Exoplanet discovery: Scientists could find out if alien life exists on new planets in just 10 years.
The planets lie in a temperate zone and are thought to be capable of having oceans.
Nasa.
Exoplanet discovery celebrated with Google Doodle after three planets found which could harbour alien life.
The planets lie in a temperate zone and are thought to be capable of having oceans.
Cheryl.
Cheryl FINALLY confirms her pregnancy as she cradles her baby bump on adorable photoshoot.
Cheryl, 33, wears a figure-hugging dress and holds her hands underneath her stomach in the L'Oreal campaign image alongside the likes of Dame Helen Mirren and TV personality Katie Piper.
Horses.
Farm sparks outrage with video of miniature horse eating from HIGHCHAIR like a baby as it's branded animal abuse.
The little pony was filmed eating carrots from a bowl while awkwardly sitting in chair usually used for humans rather than horses.
Festivals.
SXM Festival on the Caribbean island of Saint Martin announces 2017 edition.
Iconic shores, picturesque jungles to the sounds of House and Techno - what more do you need?
UEFA Europa League.
St Etienne 0-1 Manchester United (0-4 agg): Mkhitaryan on target for 10-man Red Devils - 5 things we learned.
The Armenian scored the only goal of the game for Mourinho's men before limping off injured, while Eric Bailly later saw red.
Brit Awards.
The 1975 filmed illegally smoking 'cigarette' underneath table at the Brit Awards after picking up Best British Band gong.
The video was posted on Instagram by one of the band's members.
Amir Khan.
Manny Pacquiao vs Amir Khan closer than ever as Pac Man confirms talks and Brit vows it's "time to play".
The pair have long been linked with going toe to toe and it appears that a much-anticipated clash is finally on the cards.
Champions League.
Sevilla 2-1 Leicester City: Jamie Vardy gives Foxes hope with vital away goal - 5 things we learned.
Goals from Pablo Sarabia and Joaquin Correa put the Spaniards in a dominant position before Vardy's strike.
Top Stories.
Leukaemia.
Random act of kindness sees mystery donor give £150,000 to pay for little boy's life-saving cancer treatment.
A U.S. hospital has told Charlie Fearns' parents someone has offered to foot the huge bill for his treatment leaving them 'completely overwhelmed'.
Crime.
Grandma dies four months after being knocked out by single punch from stranger in sickening random attack.
WARNING: DISTURBING CONTENT Richard 'Kwasi' Spring, 29, is likely to face a murder charge after Eve Gentillon, 69, died from her injuries.
Kim Jong Nam.
Woman arrested over assassination of Kim Jong Un's brother 'was contestant on Vietnamese Pop Idol TV show'.
Doan Thi Huong, an entertainment worker who bears a close resemblance to a woman who sang on Vietnam Idol on last year, is being held by Malaysian police over the murder.
Middle East.
Nine Iraqi asylum seekers from same family 'gang-raped teacher for hours' on New Year's Eve in Vienna.
The 28-year-old had been drinking with a friend when she was allegedly brutally attacked then thrown out of the flat.
Nasa.
Take a 360 degree tour of newly-discovered Earth-like planet that COULD host alien life.
NASA has put together an artist's impression of what the view might look like from the surface of Trappist-1d.
ITV.
Shocking footage shows sexual harassment suffered by women in Britain EVERY DAY.
Half of the women in the UK say they have been sexually harassed in public and an ITV show went undercover to look at the extent of the problem.
Animals.
Could it be mythical sea serpent Morgawr? Locals mystified by 8ft creature that washed up on Cornish beach.
Chris Crane who discovered the washed-up animal has had no luck identifying it.
Trading Standards.
Student 'left looking like burns victim' after botched hair extensions made blonde locks fall out.
Holly Jane Harbottle, 19, says the botched £170 hairdo left her with a bald patch and depression.
Sinead O'Connor.
Sinead O'Connor apologises to Arsenio Hall for claiming he provided late music icon Prince with drugs.
Arsenio's lawyers will now be dismissing the comedian's $5m defamation lawsuit.
Alan Shearer.
England legend Alan Shearer to undergo dementia risk test after years of heading the football.
In Dementia – Football’s Silent Shame former England and Newcastle United striker Shearer investigates the latest scientific research from Britain and around the world.
George Michael.
George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz tweets message to his critics who 'doubted his love" for late singer.
Fadi tweeted shortly after the BRIT Awards paid tribute to the pop icon.
Driving ban.
Motorist with 62 points on his licence is still on the roads - and it's LEGAL.
The motorist, a man from West Yorkshire, was last given points for a speeding offence.
Cheryl FINALLY confirms her pregnancy as she cradles her baby bump on adorable photoshoot.
Pamela Anderson will campaign for men falsely accused of rape because of Julian Assange friendship.
'New' Kim Kardashian sex tape leaks showing never before seen X-rated footage of the reality star.
Model Cami Morrone is the centre of attention at the Brit Awards in nipple-flashing sheer dress.
Katy Perry abruptly walks out of awkward BRIT Awards red carpet interview with George Shelley and Lilah Parsons.
David Beckham 'smashes tooth snowboarding' just days after son Brooklyn breaks collarbone.
Mark Wright suffers embarrassing moment with Little Mix backstage at the BRITs.
Charlotte Crosby leads the WORST dressed at the BRIT Awards 2017.
Brit Awards viewers claim 1975 were 'hacked' during their performance - but here's what really happened.
Little Mix thank their exes during Brit Awards acceptance speech after wowing viewers with show-stopping opening number.
Simon Cowell left confused at Brit Awards before being PLUNGED into darkness in awkward blunder.
Nicole Scherzinger goes underwear free in risqué sheer silver dress to party the night away following BRITs.
Giovanna Fletcher opens up about heartbreaking miscarriage - "You feel like your body has failed you".
Ed Sheeran, Brooklyn Beckham, Holly Willoughby, Caroline Flack and more head to glitzy Brits after party.
Little Mix's Jesy Nelson cuddles up to rumoured flame TOWIE's Chris Clark backstage at the BRIT Awards.
Dermot O'Leary and Emma Willis get mixed response for hosting the BRIT Awards together.
Little Mix go BLONDE for flawless BRITs performance and fans can't handle their transformation.
Kim Kardashian addresses 'new' sex tape rumours after claims of a second racy film.
Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall left red-faced as she flashes her skimpy underwear on the Brit Awards 2017 red carpet.
George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz tweets message to his critics who 'doubted his love" for late singer.
