Photo via GoFundMe.
GERRITSEN BEACH, BROOKLYN — Sean Ryan, a 17-year-old Gerritsen Beach resident, was killed by a drunk driver who swerved out of his lane Sunday night on Gerritsen Avenue, along the edge of Marine Park, according to the New York City Police Department (NYPD).
Bay Ridge resident Thomas Groarke, 24, drove his white Honda Accord southbound across the street's painted median near Gotham Avenue around 8:45 p.m., police said — hitting Ryan, who was traveling north in the median, head-on.
(A news reporter for ABC New York posted a nauseating video of Groarke's bloodied Honda to Twitter on Tuesday afternoon. Watch with caution.)
Groarke stayed at the scene of the crash, cops said. He reportedly blew twice the legal blood-alcohol-content limit.
The driver has since been charged with vehicular manslaughter and driving while under the influence of alcohol, according to the NYPD.
A GoFundMe page set up by a member of the Gerritsen Beach Community to cover Ryan's funeral costs had nearly doubled its $20,000 goal only a day after it was posted.
"Sean, a 2016 graduate of Xaverian High School and member of Iona College’s Class of 2020, was a member of our community since the Ryan Family moved to Gerritsen Beach in 2007," the page's creator wrote. "Sean was funny, polite, and respectful and will be missed by not just the Ryan Family, but all of us.".
Ryan was planning to major in journalism, according to his obituary on the Marine Park Funeral Home website.
"He had a passion for all types of sports, especially his favorite football team the Notre Dame Fighting Irish," the obituary said.
Community members can visit Ryan's casket at the funeral home, located at 3024 Quentin Rd., on Thursday, July 21, from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.
His funeral will then be held at St. Marks Roman Catholic Church at 11 a.m. on Friday, July 22.
Gothamist noted Tuesday that at least 13 New York City cyclists have been killed by cars so far in 2016 — up 130 percent from five cyclists killed by this time last year.
Get free real-time news alerts from the Sunset Park Patch.
Subscribe.
Share.
Tweet.
Google Plus.
Reddit.
Email.
Comments.
0.
