This chapter is very important to the storyline. I will warn you, there is some sensitive content in this chapter and I feel like it's my job to at least warn you about this. It is about almost attempting suicide. Please no hate for me writing about this, I feel like it is something people should talk about more, and not just leave in the dark. I hope you guys like this chapter!
Chapter 8: America's POV.
I spent the last few days in the women's room reading, and writing in my journal. So much has happened since my first entry. It was the day I told my father about not wanting to be a rebel, my 15th birthday.
I talked about my secret meetings with Aspen, how he broke up with me, and how I met Maxon.
I got to the last page when a single tear slipped out. It read, 'I don't have the will to live anymore. Maxon picked Kriss, all because of my stupid mistake. Who knows, maybe I'll see Dad tonight.'.
I remember that night, I wrote letters to all my family, Aspen, my maids, Marlee, and Maxon. I still had them in my desk, they were meant to say good bye.
That was on the second to last page of my journal, one more entry left. I closed the book, not wanting to finish that chapter in my life quite yet. Some day it will be finished, just not today.
I got up from my seat by the window overlooking the gardens, and began up to my room to get ready for the Report. Maxon had something planed but what I'm not sure. He's been busier then usual, going to more meetings and making more decisions regarding the future of Illéa.
My maids scurried in and slipped me in a dress that radiated power, it was a bold red dress with gold detailing. It was tight in all the right places and draped down to the floor with a slit up past my knee. It reminded me of something Celeste would wear.
I felt in powered, and the makeup helped with that also. They gave me a smoky eye, and light pink lipgloss, so I loved that I looked like myself, but just amped up so I had an intimidating factor to me.
I turned to the mirror and couldn't help but be in awe. The finishing touch was the jeweled headband they slipped on my head that resembled a crown. They left my hair down in wave, so I didn't look to harsh.
Once I got to the filming room, I was ushered to my spot beside Maxon at the podium. It completely slipped my mind that we were announcing our engagement! Maxon slipped his arm around my waist and pulled me closer, much to Silvia's disapproval. He whispered in my ear "You looks amazing, Ames." He chuckled as the blush crept up to my cheeks.
They started the count down and the lights flashed on, notifying us that we were live. "People of Illéa," Maxon paused and looked at me from the corner of his eye. "As you can see, I am standing in front of you today with the women I want to spend the rest of my life with.
"My father did not approve of me marrying her, so now he is attempting to try her for treason because of her and her family's past. You see, America's father and brother are Southern Rebels." Gasps escaped the mouths of everyone in the room.
I didn't think he was actually going to tell everyone! "She has proved herself to her country in the form of abuse because she didn't want to conform to the rebels ways. The King on the other hand, is in a holding cell right now.
"He's fate will be decided by you, the people. His crime, attempted physical abuse to a member of the Selection, and years of physical abuse to the crown Prince.".
He was finally standing up to his father! That's why he had been so busy lately, he had his father arrested. I looked up at him, he was starring back at me already. He continued, "I have never told anyone about the abuse I have suffered since I was 7, besides Lady America.
"I feel like the only way you can judge properly the punishment King Clarkson should receive, you must see the scars that I received at his hand." He handed me his suit coat and turned around to unbutton his shirt.
Once he finished taking off his shirt, he reviled his back to...everyone. Now the entire country knows about the scars that crisscross his perfect back. After a few moments he put his shirt and suit coat back on, much to my dismay, and returned to the podium.
"Those same scars line Lady America's back, because she dared go against her father and brother's plan for her life. She has taken more lashes for herself, her sister, and her younger brother, then I ever had, so they did not have to bear the suffering she had to go through so often.
"Lady America is a true National Hero, and your future Queen. Thank you Illéa, Goodnight.".
Maxon lead me from the stage, saying that the advisors could handle the rest of the questions. I was slightly confused when we ended up waking right past my room during the Selection. I figured out what was going on as soon as we arrived on the 3rd floor, the royal family floor. I was wrong again when we passed up the Princess suite and Maxon's room, heading to the very last door down the enormous hallway, the King and Queen's Suite.
Maxon must have had it redone since his parents were in this room because you could just nearly smell the fresh paint if you tried hard enough. The room was at least as big as the entire upper level of my house in Carolina.
The simple cream colored walls contrasted beautifully with the dark wood flooring. In the middle was a ginormous bed, the blankets were the same color as the walls, with ocean blue pillows. I was blown away.
Maxon lead me to the bed and had me sit with him at the edge, concern evident in his eyes. "Ames, the whole your brother being rebel leader, and you having been abused when you were growing up was a shock to me. I need to know, please, is there any other secrets you hide from me?".
I knew I had to tell him about my most painful secret that I tried to keep locked away in my dresser drawer. I walked over and found the key I had taped to the bottom of the chair, I opened the drawer and pulled out my journal, my letter to Maxon, and the empty pill bottle. I threw the contents away that night instead of using them to end my life.
"This is my last secret. Start with the last page of the journal, I wrote all of it the night before the Choosing Ceremony, when I thought you were picking Kriss.".
He read over everything carefully and looked back at me in disbelief, I turned away from him. I walked over to my vanity and just stared at myself, until I heard a muffled noise coming from behind me. Maxon was still sitting on the bed, gripping the letter and pill bottle in his hands while crying.
"We're you really going to..." He looked at me like I would walk out any minute and leave him. "Yes." I whispered, choking on soft sobs myself. He ran over to me and picked me up, carrying me back to the bed. He set me down as if I was made of glass.
Maxon's POV.
My beautiful America, was going to kill herself, because of me. She grabbed my hand, making me look at her, "Max, it is NOT your fault. Don't you are blame yourself. When I came to the palace, I was depressed. My own brother beat me until I was half dead, and then just left me there to die. When I met you, I knew what it felt like to be alive. You lit a spark in me that I thought would be extinguished for all of my life.".
She took the pill box from my hands, "This, is not your fault." Next she took the diary, "This, is not your fault." Lastly she took the letter and crumpled it in her hands, "This, is not your fault. The only thing you can blame your self for, is teaching me how to love someone with no fear that they would ever try to hurt me.".
Soon, our mouths touched, moving in sync with each other. One of her hands slipped under my shirt, while the other got tangled in my hair, bringing us closer. My hands were at the small of her back, pushing her to me.
She pulled away and began working at my neck, after sometime, it was her turn. Before we could get to carried away, we stopped ourselves. America went to her wardrobe to get a night gown. I stripped down so that I was only in my T-shirt and loose gray boxers before crawling underneath the blankets.
"Maxon, I have one more secret." She walked to the bed and slipped in next to me. "What is it, my dear?" After ever thing else she had told me and has went through, it couldn't be that bad right?
"Your dad was wrong, you are not the target... I am.".
