Night soon fell upon the city of Crocus, blanketing the sky in darkness that was dimly lit by the city's street lamps. All of the participating teams in the Grand Magic Games were in their respective hotel rooms, either strategizing for the next day of the games or blissfully sleeping the night away. In rare cases, some teams were doing both.
"So who's up tomorrow?" Laxus asked.
He, Pantherlily, Mirajane, and Juvia sat in the middle of their hotel room. They sat on the floor across from one another in a circle, making their plans for day three of the Grand Magic Games.
"Well I guess since we've just been going around in a row." Mirajane began. "I'll-".
"I'll go." Juvia piped up, cutting off Mirajane. "I want to make up for losing on the first day. Please.".
Juvia's teammates looked at her. They could see the determination in her eyes.
"What are you asking us for?" Laxus asked, leaning back on his hands. "If you wanna do it then do it. No one here's gonna stop ya.".
Juvia's eyes lit up. "Really?" she looked at Pantherlily and Mirajane, who both nodded in approval.
"I don't see why not." Mirajane smiled.
"Yes, you seem so eager it would be rude to deny you." Pantherlily nodded.
Juvia smiled and bowed. "Thank you so much. I won't let you down.".
"Actually!" A slurred voice shouted. Fairy Tail B looked up at their new found guess. "I'll take this one.".
"Really, you?" Laxus asked with a hesitant look.
"Yeah." The person said. "Gotta problem with it, big boy?".
Laxus turned over, a grimace on his face. "Do what ya want.".
"Well, Mira?" the person asked looking at the barmaid.
"Well, it's up to Juvia not me." Mirajane asked, directing her eyes to the rain woman.
"I…don't mind." Juvia replied, sullen. She really wanted to prove herself, but once again her nervousness got the best of her.
"Stop…worrying…so much." A grumble echoed from one of the beds.
Mirajane giggled. "Sounds like Gajeel is trying to cheer you up." She smiled.
"That guy will sleep through anything." Laxus said.
"Shut up…Salamander." Gajeel mumbled in his sleep.
"He's lucky he's sleeping." Laxus grumbled.
Mirajane, Pantherlily, Juvia, and their guest laughed at the Lightning Dragon's irritation.
…Under a bridge over the canal that separated Crocus' up and downtown areas stood three individuals: a man, a woman, and a child.
"Mama…I'm sleepy." Aura said groggily as she rubbed her eyes.
"I know, honey. I know." Erza cooed. "It's because you ate so much." She picked her up, resting Aura's head on her shoulder as she held her on her arm. "Go to sleep, ok? We'll return to the hotel soon.".
"Ok." Aura said. She closed her eyes. "Good night, mama.".
"Good night." Erza smiled.
"Good night, Mr. Jellal…" Aura's voice trailed off. Soon after she was fast asleep.
Jellal, stood opposite of the two, a smile on his face as he watched Aura fall asleep. "Good night, Aura." He said. "She's just like you." He said to Erza.
"Really?" Erza asked, looking at her daughter. "I think she favors Natsu more than she does me.".
"Regardless, she's very beautiful." Jellal said. "Thank you for letting me meet her.".
"You're welcome." Erza said. Her face then shifted to a more serious look. "Have you sensed the magic you've been feeling the past few years?" Erza asked. With Aura asleep the two could now get to the heart of their secret meeting.
"Yes and no." Jellal answered.
"What does that mean?" Erza inquired.
"For the past few days I've been sensing the magic we told you of, but it's faint. It's nowhere near as strong as it was the previous years." Jellal explained.
"What does that mean?" Erza asked.
"There a few possibilities:" Jellal began. "Either the magic is connected to a person who may not be attending this year, they're not using their magic within the city, or perhaps they're aware of our watching them and they're hiding their presence.".
"Do you think that's the case?" Erza asked.
"I'm not sure. Ultear and Meldy haven't been able to find an explanation for the sudden drop in power since the preliminaries.".
"Do you think the green light is the reason the presence went faint?" Erza asked.
"It's possible. Ultear believes that the two are connected.".
"Do you?".
"I'm not ruling it out.".
Erza pondered Jellal's answer. She felt that something was being hidden from her, but she didn't know how to proceed.
"Where is the girl now?".
"Shizuka." Erza corrected. "Her name is Shizuka.".
"I'm sorry." Jellal apologized. "Where is Shizuka?".
"With the rest of the guild. The Master wants to keep her close for now. Everyone saw the light, but they don't know what caused it. Master Makarov is hoping to keep it that way until the end of the games.".
"Has she said anything?".
Erza shook her head. "No. She claims to have amnesia. She remembers nothing before coming to Fiore. Apparently she doesn't remember causing the green light either.".
"Do you believe her?" Jellal asked.
"She seems sincere, but I have my doubts. There are too many things happening at once.".
"You're right. The only thing we can be sure of is that nothing is happening as of right now." Jellal said, slightly relieved.
"Right." Erza said.
Jellal put his mask back on and started walking away. "Tomorrow, I'll see if I can investigate the tournaments backers. They may also be connected the the presence.".
"Try not to get yourself noticed." Erza advised.
"I know." Jellal grinned under his mask. "Ultear is still hammering in the fact that I almost blew my cover.".
"I bet she is." Erza smirked. "Don't overdo it, ok?".
"I won't." Jellal said. "Good night, Erza.".
"Good night, Jellal." Erza returned.
Jellal walked away. Erza watched him for a bit before going her own way. Unbeknownst to her, Jellal stopped and turned as she was walking away. He watched the red haired wizard, smiling some as he saw that Aura was sleeping peacefully with her head on her mother's shoulder. He then resumed his walk. It's nice that we got to talk like this. he thought.
"It's gotten late." Erza said as she walked the streets towards the inn. "Even all of the drinking parties are finished.".
"Mmm." Aura moaned in her sleep.
"It's ok, we're we're heading back now." Erza smiled warmly, patting Aura's head.
"Finally!" a voice called from above putting Erza on guard. "I've found you.".
"Who's there?" Erza asked, clutching Aura close to her for safety. She looked up, seeing the hooded woman from Mermaid Heel looking down at her from one of the bar balconies.
"You're always so serious, Erzy." The woman grinned.
Erza's eyes widened. Erzy? She thought. Only one person's ever called me that. A smile began to appear on Erza's face as the woman above her took off her hood.
"Long time, no see." The woman said now sitting on the balcony. Despite the slight change in appearance Erza knew exactly who was looking at her.
"Millianna!" she exclaimed happily.
The cat woman leaped down from the balcony in front of Erza, tears beginning to pool in her eyes. "I missed you so much." She smiled.
"Millianna." Erza said softly. "You're in a guild now?".
"Mhm." Millianna nodded. "I'm a part of Mermaid Heel.".
"Did Wally and Sho join as well?".
"No, of course not." Millianna smiled. "Mermaid Heel is only for women. They're still travelling around, but we keep in touch every now and again.".
"Is that so…?" Erza smiled wider, a blush painting her cheeks. She pulled Millianna in for a hug. "I'm so happy to see you, Millianna." Erza said, trying to hold back tears.
"Me too, Erzy." Millianna replied also fighting back tears. Eventually the waterworks flowed from both of them.
"I'm so glad you've been keeping yourself healthy." Erza sniffed.
"Please don't cry, Erzy." Millianna said. She was also sniffing.
"You're crying too." Erza retorted with a smile.
…At an inn a small distance from where Fairy Tail's A and B were staying, the rest of the Fairy Tail guild rested. Having finished their festivities for the day, the entire guild was sound asleep, save for three: Makarov, Mavis, and Porlyusica.
"Porlyusica." Mavis smiled as she sat on the desk in Makarov's room. "You're looking well.".
"As are you, Master Mavis." Porlyusica bowed.
"Well, being dead does wonders for the skin." Mavis joked.
Makarov cleared his throat, catching the two women's attention. "Onto the reason we're all here." he said.
"You're no fun." Mavis pouted.
"Of course." Porlyusica said. "First, where is the girl?".
"She's sleeping in the girl's room." Makarov answered.
"I see. Has anything changed in her condition?".
Makarov shook his head. "Nothing other than what you told me.".
"What are your impressions of her, Master Mavis?" Porlyusica asked.
"She seems like a normal girl to me. A bit odd, but that's par for the course of Fairy Tail if I remember right." she smiled.
"And you Makarov?" Porlyusica asked the current master.
"I agree with Master Mavis." The old man answered. "But, there is definitely something more to her.".
"Has she remembered anything?" Porlyusica asked.
"Not really. When I asked her how she found out about our guild, she said a girl with purple hair told her about us.".
"Purple hair?" Mavis inquired.
Makarov nodded. "Laki. I recently sent her on a job to the Pergrande Kingdom. I can only assume Shizuka met her somewhere before coming to Fiore. That might even be where she came from.".
"Why would you send one of your guild members to Pergrande?" Porlyusica asked.
Makarov sighed. He was hoping to keep Laki's infiltration a secret until he received concrete information about Fenrir's Fang but he knew that Porlyusica and Mavis would pester him until he revealed all. "About a month or so before we began training for the games, two unknown men entered Fiore under the cover of darkness.".
"Did they harm anyone?" Mavis asked.
Makarov shook his head. "As far as I'm aware they didn't. Although they did reach the Fairy Hills dormitory.".
"Maybe they were just lecherous perverts." Porlyusica said.
"I thought so as well, but Laki seemed to recognize their guild marks as being of a guild named Fenrir's Fang." Makarov said.
"Fenrir's Fang?" Mavis repeated.
Makarov nodded. "That's correct.".
"I've never heard of this guild.".
"I've heard a rumor or two about them." Porlyusica said. "Apparently they are a top guild in their country, but their number of members is unknown. Some rumors suggest they have as many as 1000 others say as little as 10.".
"Laki volunteered to investigate them." Makarov said.
"And you let her go alone?" Porlyusica asked.
"She insisted. She said she knew the area." Makarov explained. "But she's no longer alone. Fried and Bixlow are now travelling with her.".
"Where are they now?" Mavis asked.
"Last we spoke they had reached the capital of the country, Jergrande." Makarov answered.
"Do you think that this Fenrir's Fang guild has something to do with our newest guest?" Mavis asked.
"It's certainly a possibility." Makarov said.
"Who else knows about this, Makarov?" Porlyusica asked.
"Just the three of us and Laxus and I assume Evergreen since Laxus had to tell his group in order to get them to cooperate.".
"Then we should keep this circle small until we learn more about the girl and this Fenrir's Fang." Porlyusica suggested.
"I agree." Makarov nodded.
"As do I." Mavis added. "No need to incite a panic with such little information.".
The three agreed to keep their exchange of information a secret, unaware that they were being watched by an unknown person on the roof opposite their room window. They sat on the roof, listening to the conversation clearly despite being so far away. They placed their hand on a gargoyle next to them, it slowly decaying at their touch.
…In the center of Crocus stands the prestigious "Crocus Gardens" inn, an establishment only reserved for the most elite of guests. All important persons have stayed there: from kings and queens, to celebrities, diplomats, and most recently, champions.
Inside of one of the many enormous rooms of the inn was the entirety of the Sabertooth guild. They stood crowded in attention, hands behind their backs in front of a lone couch that was placed in front of a huge window.
On this couch sat a man of both considerable size and age. Despite his advanced age the man was in physical shape comparable to man half of that. His eyes held no pupils, but his brow was ever furrowed in anger and irritation. His white beard contrasted with his tan skin. A Sabertooth mark was seen on his forehead just below his hat.
He reached onto the table in front of him, grabbing a stem of grapes from a bowl filled with various fruits. A wine bottle sat next to the bowl.
"You are all too pathetic to even waste tears over." He said. "You're garbage." He brought the grapes to his mouth, eating all of them, stems included. "Remember why it is we stand above all other guilds in the first place. You do not listen to nor do you acknowledge those beneath you. They are worms that are only put before you to be crushed. Only those worthy of our attention may have it." He glared at his guild, his overwhelming presence stifling the assembled wizards.
"To make the heavens above roar…to make the earth below boil…to make the seas themselves silent…that is Sabertooth!" He roared.
This was Jiemma, the Master of the Sabertooth guild.
"Sting!" Jiemma called to the blonde dragon slayer.
"Master." Sting answered, stepping forward.
"Luck was the reason you won today's event. Luck is not something that I hold value in. That will never be a factor in another victory again. This is the only time I will be granting you such mercy." Jiemma said.
"Thank you, Master." Sting bowed his head. "I will not fail you." He stepped back into rank.
He scanned his eyes across his guild in search of his next victim. "Yukino!".
"Yes." The celestial wizard stepped forward.
"You are another matter entirely. Do you realize what you have done?" he growled.
"Yes…" Yukino began. "I was beaten by a member of a rival guild, in turn sullying the name of Sabertooth and-".
"You idiot!" Jiemma yelled as he threw a bushel of grapes at the girl's head. "That isn't it at all. You bet your life and lost! Once more you allowed your enemy to show you mercy! That is not the way of Sabertooth!".
"Yes, Master…" Yukino said, juice from the smashed grapes dripping from her forehead. "I am ready to receive whatever punishment you deem appropriate for my disgrace.".
"Strip off your clothes." Jiemma ordered.
"As you command, Master." Yukino nodded.
Normally the men of Sabertooth would have jumped at the chance to see Yukino strip, but the current situation was far from ideal. They couldn't begin to fathom the humiliation that Yukino had been feeling at that moment. Some wanted to speak out against Jiemma's shameful request, but they held their tongues in fear of what he might do to anyone who tried to stand against him.
Yukino stood before everyone completely naked, her arms wrapped around her breasts. She shivered slightly from the cool air of the room as it brushed along her now bare skin.
"Your guild mark…remove it." Jiemma ordered next in a low roar as he pointed at said mark.
Yukino nodded, tears pooling in her eyes. "Yes." She closed her eyes in order to focus her energy, and after her body shined in a pale green light, her guild mark vanished. She then got on her hands and knees, bowing before Jiemma until her forehead touched the ground. "Even though it was only for a short while, I thank you for allowing me be a part of your guild." She tried to hold back her tears.
"Get the hell out of my sight." Jiemma snarled. "Garbage.".
Yukino grabbed her clothes and stood up. She bowed once again before making her way through the crowd of her now ex-comrades and exiting the doors of the room.
"Let that be a lesson for all of you." Jiemma said when the doors closed. "Failure and incompetence will not tolerated. Do you all understand?".
"Yes, Master." They all said in unison.
"Good. Now leave me." He said, waving them off. The rest of Sabertooth filed out of the room, heading back to their individual areas.
"Man, the Master can go a bit overboard sometimes." Sting said as he Rogue, Lecter, and Frosch walked down the hall.
"What do you expect?" Lecter said. "We gotta stay the strongest guild, right?".
"Fro is sad." Frosch frowned.
"Is this really what it means to be a 'guild'?" Rogue asked, stopping his walk.
Sting and the others stopped as well. "What are you talking about, Rogue?" Sting asked looking back at his partner.
"Yukino was a comrade." Rogue stated with hardened glare.
"Keyword there being 'was'." Sting smirked. "She was weak, so she's gone. End of story. The strongest guild doesn't need people like that, right?".
Rogue continued glaring at Sting.
"Right. Come on, Lecter. I wanna try and get some sleep for tomorrow." Sting said as he resumed walking.
"Ok." Lecter said running up to join him. "Hey Sting, I heard the princess is gonna be back soon. She's probably gonna take Yukino's spot.".
"Really?!" Sting exclaimed. "Awesome, then all five of the strongest will be together in the games.".
Rogue watched the pair walk away, his grievance still weighing on his mind.
Frosch tugged on the dragon's pant leg. "Rogue?".
Rogue looked down at the cat, a smile appearing on his face. "Don't worry, Frosch. i won't let anything happen to you.".
Frosch smiled. "Yay.".
…On the opposite end from where Sabertooth was staying, Fairy Tail A was making their way towards their lodgings for the evening.
"Man, I really went all out in there." Natsu smiled, patting his full stomach.
"You ate too much." Carla chided.
"I'm full too." Happy smiled.
"The inn's around here, right?" Wendy asked Lucy.
"Yeah, we shouldn't be too far now." The blonde answered.
"Are we all sharing a room?" Wendy asked, slightly nervous about Lucy's answer.
"Unfortunately we are, but it's not so bad." Lucy said. "The worst thing you have to worry about is Gray's constant stripping. Natsu and Erza practically sleep like babies, it's actually kinda cute." She giggled.
"Not that you mention it, where are Gray and Erza?" Happy asked.
"I heard Gray say he was going to check on Lyon." Carla answered.
"And Erza went on a walk with Aura." Natsu added.
The five turned a corner, their inn coming into view. "I see someone in front of our hotel." Natsu said.
"You're right." Wendy said. "I wonder who it is.".
"Maybe it's Gray." Happy said.
"No, it's a woman." Wendy corrected.
"Perhaps it's Erza." Carla suggested.
"Doesn't look like Erza." Natsu said.
Lucy squinted her eyes. "I'm surprised you guys can see that far." She said. "You have good eyes." Lucy's eyes then widened as she and the others reached the door. Their mysterious visitor, was Yukino Aguria.
"Hey it's…" Natsu began.
"The celestial wizard…" Wendy continued.
"From Sabertooth." Lucy finished.
"Good evening." Yukino bowed, confusing the Fairy Tail wizards.
…In a park even distance from the hotel Fairy Tail was staying in, Millianna and Erza sat on a bench in front of a tree. Aura's head was resting on her mother's lap.
"Why didn't you reveal yourself earlier?" Erza asked, her hand on the side of the sleeping Aura's stomach.
"Well to be honest…" Millianna began. "I was going to wait until my guild won the games, but…" She leaned onto Erza's shoulder, a wide smile on her face. "I couldn't wait!" she squealed. "I wanted to see and talk to you as soon as possible!".
"What are we going to do with you?" Erza sighed with a smile.
"No, Asuka…" Aura mumbled in her sleep. "That's my cake…".
Erza smiled warmly. She then began stroking her daughter's pink hair. It was starting to get long.
"I forgot to ask, Erzy." Millianna said. "Who's she?" She asked pointing at Aura. "Are you a babysitter now or something?".
Erza laughed at the cat girl's question. "No, I'm not." She shook her head with a smile. "She's my daughter.".
"Daughter?!" Millianna exclaimed with widened eyes.
Erza nodded. "Her name is Aura.".
"Aura." Millianna repeated. "That's a pretty name." She said with a smile. "Who's her father? If you don't mind me asking.".
"Natsu." Erza answered plainly.
"Natsu…?" Millianna said under her breath, trying to think if she knew anyone by that name. Her eyes widened. "The fire dragon slayer?!".
Erza nodded again. "Yes.".
"Wow." Millianna gasped. She then looked back at down at Aura. "Now that you say that I do see a resemblance, especially with the hair." She smiled. "Congratulations, Erzy.".
"Thank you, Millianna." Erza said. "But I should really be congratulating you. You have joined a fairly strong guild.".
Millianna blushed and looked away. "We're not that good.".
"Not true, I've been impressed with all of you so far. I was especially blown away by the strength of your swordswoman, Kagura." Erza praised.
"Kagura's amazing. She might even be stronger than you, Erzy." Millianna grinned.
"Oh really?" Erza raised an eyebrow. "Well hopefully she and I will be able to fight at some point.".
"You might." Millianna said. "Although, Kagura may never show her real power in the games.".
"Is that right?" Erza said, slightly intrigued as to why.
"You remember her sword, Archenemy, right?" Millianna asked.
"I do." Erza nodded. "She never once unsheathed it during her fight against Sabertooth.".
"That's right." Millianna said. "As the name implies, Archenemy is to only be drawn when Kagura has come face to face with her nemesis. A person that she despises so much that even their very existence in this world offends her.".
Erza sat curious, yet slightly unnerved, by Millianna's explanation. She noticed that her friend's expression had subtly grown darker as she spoke.
"That sword was created to take the life of the man who took everything from Kagura…Jellal." Millianna finished.
Erza's eyes widened. "What?" she gasped.
"And I'm with her all the way." The mood continued to shift as a sinister grin slowly crept across Millianna's lips. "You feel the same way, right, Erza?" she asked, the venom dripping from her words. "I hate Jellal just as much as Kagura. After everything he did to us: he made us into slaves again, and he murdered Simon. I will never forget or forgive him for what he's done. That's why I joined the same guild as Kagura.".
Erza could say nothing, instead only looking at her friend with saddened eyes. Millianna was still haunted by her demons, but unlike Erza, Millianna's manifested into a hate more intense than she could fathom.
…Inside of Fairy Tail A's room at the Honey Bone Inn: Natsu, Lucy, Wendy, Carla and Happy sat opposite of their surprise guest, Yukino Aguria; former wizard of the Sabertooth guild.
"You needed to see…me?" Lucy asked with widened eyes as she pointed at herself.
"Yes." Yukino nodded. "I have important business to discuss with you, Miss Lucy.".
"What 'business' does Sabertooth have with us?" Natsu said with a suspicious squint.
"Natsu, be nice. Let's see what she has to say." Wendy said.
"I assure you I am not here to fight." Yukino said.
"Then why are you here?" Natsu asked bluntly.
"Natsu." Lucy hissed.
"I am here for these." Yukino reached into her pocket and pulled out her two golden keys. She placed them on the table between her and the Fairy Tail wizards.
"Are those…?" Lucy began.
Yukino nodded. "Yes. These are the keys of the Heavenly Scales, Libra, and The Paired Fish, Pisces. My business is to give these keys to you, Miss Lucy.".
"What?" Lucy gasped in surprise. She and the others sat in shock at Yukino's confession.
"But that's not…" Lucy stammered. "I can't accept those.".
"When I first saw you on opening day, I made a promise to myself to give you these keys once the games ended." Yukino explained.
"But the Games aren't over yet." Natsu pointed out.
"Natsu." Wendy chided softly. "Let her finish.".
"The game's, as they are, are over for me." Yukino said.
"Really?" Lucy asked.
Yukino nodded. "As things stand, I'm sure that Minerva will be my replacement.".
"Minerva?" Wendy echoed.
"With her, the five strongest members of Sabertooth will be on one team." Yukino said. "I was merely filling in for her while she was on a job.".
"You were planning to give your keys to Lucy when she returned." Carla deduced.
Yukino nodded.
"But, why? I thought Celestial Spirits and their wizards had a special bond." Wendy said.
"That is the reason why I am entrusting them to someone who will take good care of them." Yukino said. "I know that my spirits would be happy under Miss Lucy's guidance.".
"I'm flattered, really." Lucy said with a nervous smile, waving her hands in front of her face. "But, I'm not sure I...".
"Why not?" Yukino asked. "You already possess ten of the twelve zodiac keys. If you were add to my two, you would have all twelve, and you would have the power to open the gates of fate.".
"The gates of fate?" Lucy repeated with widened eyes.
Yukino shook her head. "Forgive me. It is just an old legend I heard, please think nothing of it. Truthfully, I don't understand its meaning myself. Back to the topic at hand. I'm sure you've noticed that the number of Celestial Wizards has been dwindling ever since the Zentopia incident. As it stands, you and I may be the only Celestial Wizards left. You love your spirits, and in turn they love you just as much. You alone have the potential to move in concert with all Celestial Spirits. So, will you take them?" Yukino asked.
Lucy and the others sat in silence as they pondered over Yukino's words. Saying that the weight of the choice was heavy was an understatement. After a few moments of quiet reflection, Lucy looked at Yukino with a soft smile.
"I'm sorry, but I can't accept them." Lucy declined respectfully.
"Huh?! But…" Yukino began to protest.
"Celestial Magic is built from the bond formed between a Celestial Wizard and their spirits. It takes more than a simple switch of keys to create something like that. It's just not that easy." Lucy said.
"I never thought this decision was an easy one." Yukino said under her breath.
"Huh?" Lucy asked, catching a hint of Yukino's words.
"It's nothing." Yukino shook her head before standing up. "I had a feeling that would be your reply. One day the keys will be gathered together again.".
Lucy nodded with a smile. "I'm sure they will.".
"Thank you for taking the time to listen to me." Yukino bowed. "I hope we meet again.".
"I do too." Lucy said.
With that, Yukino exited the room and made her way back to the streets of Crocus.
A short time later, Lucy, Wendy, and Carla began washing themselves off in their room's rather spacious bathroom area.
"If you ask me, you wasted a very rare opportunity." Carla said as she washed the top of her head with her paws.
"You had a chance to get all 12 zodiac keys." Wendy said, the curiosity of seeing all twelve keys together made her voice slightly increase in pitch. "I thought that was your dream.".
"True, there was a time when I would have literally jumped at the chance to get all 12 keys." Lucy said as she took off her boots. "But that really isn't a goal of mine anymore. Besides, I could tell Yukino really cared about her spirits, so making that decision must have been really hard for her. I didn't want to break a bond like that up, I had no right too." Lucy took off her shirt along with the rest of her clothing before stepping into the already running shower.
After hearing her words, Wendy and Carla gave one another satisfied smiles. That is exactly what they expected of their resident celestial wizard.
"Hey, where are Natsu and Happy?" Lucy asked from the shower.
"They went after Yukino." Wendy answered. "They said they forgot to tell her something.".
…"Hey! Wait up!" Natsu yelled, having spotted Yukino.
"Yeah, wait!" Happy shouted.
"Natsu. Happy." Yukino said, having stopped and turned around to look at the two. "Did you need something?".
Natsu smiled and placed his hand on the back of his head. "Yeah actually," he said. "I forgot to tell ya I'm sorry. You're not a bad person after all.".
Yukino's eyes widened in astonishment.
"Natsu, you can't just judge her because she's in Sabertooth." Happy scolded.
"I know, I know." Natsu said. "That's why I came to say sorry, right?".
"You're sorry?" Yukino repeated confused.
"Yeah, my bad." Natsu laughed.
"That's not a proper apology!" Happy exclaimed. "We're really sorry." the cat bowed. "We felt bad about how we treated you earlier, and Natsu apologizing for it means that Erza's finally be getting through to him.".
"Hey! What's that mean?!" Natsu shouted in offense. "I don't need Erza to tell me how to apologize.".
"I don't understand. You came all the way out here to tell me that…?" Yukino asked. She started to shake lightly.
"Yeah, I mean you got this gloomy look about you." Natsu said. "I thought maybe I rubbed you the wrong way with my attitude. Besides, if my daughter likes you then you can't be that bad of a person, right?" The pink haired dragon slayer grinned.
"Your daughter?" Yukino inquired.
"Yep." Natsu nodded. "The little girl that was yelling at you after your match today, that was my daughter, Aura." Natsu smiled wide.
Yukino's eyes widened in disbelief as she looked at Natsu. He and the little girl, whose name was now revealed to her as Aura, had the exact same smile. Thinking of the little girl's words earlier that day, and Natsu's apology caused Yukino to tear up. "No…Forgive me." She said.
"Don't worry about it." Natsu said. "Really, there's no reason for you to apologize, especially when I'm doing it.".
Yukino then began to cry.
"What's wrong?!" Natsu exclaimed in fear. "Why are you crying?!".
"What did you do, Natsu?!" Happy shouted.
"I didn't do anything!" Natsu retorted.
Yukino fell to her knees, her hands covering her face. "I'm sorry, it's not your fault." She sobbed. "It's just…no one has ever treated me like this before. No one has ever taken my feelings into consideration like this.".
"Huh?" Was all Natsu could muster up to say, he didn't know what to do. He really wasn't the best when it came to people crying. He wanted to hug and reassure her like he did his guild mates when they would cry, but he hesitated since he didn't know Yukino that well. He didn't want to risk upsetting her more.
"Joining Sabertooth was always a dream of mine." Yukino explained. "Last year, I was finally able to join. I was so happy, but now…I can never go back.".
"What do you mean?" Natsu asked.
"After I lost my match…Master Jiemma made me quit the guild." Yukino said through her tears. "I was forced to stand before everyone in the guild and strip off my clothing. Then I had to remove my guild mark.".
Natsu stood in shock as he listened to Yukino's story, anger slowly building inside of him.
"It was so horrible! So shameful…my pride, my self-respect, all of it was shattered right in front of me. And now I have nowhere else to go!" Yukino cried.
"That's terrible." Happy said empathically.
Natsu clenched his teeth, his body trembling in anger. "Sorry, I don't know much about what goes on in other guilds." he said.
"No…It's my fault." Yukino sobbed, trying to wipe away her tears. "I shouldn't have burdened you with my sorrows.".
"You may be from another guild, but since we're both wizards I can only imagine how humiliating it was to be forced to remove your guild mark." Natsu empathized as he clenched his fist. "I don't care who they are. Any guild who makes a friend cry like that doesn't deserve to be a guild at all!" Natsu roared.
Friends…? Yukino thought confused. She looked up at the dragon slayer, his angry yet determined eyes giving her a faint sense of calm.
"Where is Sabertooth?" Natsu asked.
"Currently they are staying at the Crocus Gardens inn in the middle of the city but-"Yukino began.
"Happy, take Yukino back to Lucy and the others." Natsu said.
"Ok." Happy nodded.
"But I…" Yukino began.
"Don't worry about it." Natsu reassured. "You said you had nowhere else to go, right? I'm sure Lucy and Wendy wouldn't mind. Besides…" he smiled. "I made a promise to my daughter.".
"A promise to your daughter?" Yukino repeated confused.
Natsu began to walking towards the direction of Crocus Gardens. "If the others ask where I am tell 'em I went for a walk." Natsu said.
"Aye!" Happy shouted. "Don't get into too much trouble, Natsu.".
"I'll try not to." Natsu waved, he then took off in a sprint.
"Where is he going?" Yukino asked, having been helped to her feet by Happy.
"Knowing Natsu, he's going to meddle again." Happy sighed.
…On a balcony overlooking the downtown area of Crocus stood Erza, who still had not made her way towards the hotel. Aura was still fast asleep, this time affixed to her mother's back. Erza leaned over the railing, her brow furrowed as she recalled Millianna's words from just an hour ago.
"Hey Erza," a voice called to the red head. "What are you still doing out?".
Erza turned her head to see Gray standing a small distance away from her. "It's nothing." She smiled hiding away her troubles. "Why are you out here alone?".
"I went to check on Lyon." Gray said as he walked next to Erza, he too leaning on the balcony railing.
"How is he?" Erza asked.
"He's doing fine, should be back in shape for tomorrow.".
"I see." Erza smiled. "That's good news.".
"Yeah, until Juvia and Alana burst in and had some weird negotiation with Lyon. Honestly I didn't understand a thing they were saying.".
Erza grinned. "I think I might understand what's going on.".
"You do?" Gray asked.
"You're not an idiot, Gray. I know you understand how Juvia feels to some degree. It seems Alana also might be feeling the same way.".
Gray groaned and looked away. "Actually she says the same things you do.".
"Well don't you think it's time you made a decision?" Erza asked.
"Don't act all high and mighty because you and Natsu got it all figured out." Gray said, a small blush on his face.
"I wouldn't say we have it 'figured out'." Erza replied with a soft smile as she looked out at the city. "But we're getting there. Natsu isn't the brightest person in the world.".
"That's an understatement." Gray smirked.
"It's late, we should return to the inn." Erza said, walking away from the balcony. "It's past time for me to put Aura to bed.".
"Yeah you're right." Gray said following her. "The kid looks exhausted.".
…Inside Crocus Gardens inn, a loud boom shook the building; waking up all of the Sabertooth wizards.
"What the hell was that?" Sting asked groggily as he sat up in his bed, rubbing his eyes to clear his vision.
"We have intruders!" Rogue announced as he and Frosch burst into Sting's room.
"Intruders?! At our inn?!" Sting exclaimed. He quickly put on his clothes. "Lecter wake up!" Sting shouted.
"What's wrong, Sting?" the exceed yawned.
"We got intruders!".
"Intruders?".
"Hurry and get changed.".
"Ok.".
Sting followed Rogue down the hall, a still tired Lecter following close behind.
"Who'd be dumb enough to come at us like this?" Sting asked Rogue.
"I don't know." Rogue answered. "But whoever they are, they must have not intended to leave this place alive.".
The four heard a crash as one of the doors in front of them blew off its hinges and into the hall.
"There!" Sting pointed. "They're in the main room!" The four ran to the now open door.
When they reached it one of Sabertooth's members flew past Sting, hitting the wall behind him with a loud thud. They all looked ahead, their eyes widening when they saw a familiar flash of pink and black tear through their ranks.
"Natsu?!" Sting shouted in disbelief.
"What's he doing here?!" Rogue asked aloud.
"Where is your master?!" Natsu yelled as he barreled through every Sabertooth member foolish enough to challenge him.
The twin dragons and their exceeds looked on in disbelief as they watched their comrades fall one by one to Natsu's attacks.
Soon enough Jiemma entered the main hall, moving his guild members out of the way as he walked towards Natsu. "You have business with me you insolent brat?" Jiemma roared.
Natsu dropped the Sabertooth member he was holding by the collar and focused on the massive man walking towards him. "So you're the master?" Natsu asked.
"State your business." Jiemma demanded.
"You kick someone out of the guild after just one loss?" Natsu asked. "That's pretty harsh.".
"What?" Jiemma furrowed his brow in anger.
"We'll play it your way then." Natsu slammed his fist into his palm, igniting it in flames. "If I beat you, you're going to close down your guild!" Natsu challenged.
Soon the entire Sabertooth guild had arrived in the main hall in response to their noisy guest. All of them were stunned by Natsu's declaration to say the least. Why was he here? Is he insane? Were the chief questions that ran through the wizard's minds.
"Fairy Tail…?" Rufus said shocked.
"He came to pick a fight with the Master?" Orga inquired.
"He must be suicidal." Lecter said.
"Fro thinks so too." Frosch commented.
Natsu and Jiemma stared at one another. "I hope you know what you've gotten yourself into, brat." Jiemma said to Natsu.
"I know exactly what I'm doing." Natsu retorted. "Anyone who thinks of a guild member as just a tool for power gets no respect from me.".
Is he talking about Yukino? Rogue thought.
But that's got nothing to do with him. Sting thought confused. Normal people don't start fights over that kinda of stuff, do they?
"I have no idea what you're talking about." Jiemma said. "But clearly you are a man who lives by his own set of rules. Somehow I have broken those rules.".
"You…" Natsu clenched his fist tighter. "You don't know what I'm talking about?!".
"Enough of this, Dorvengal!" Jiemma shouted. Out of nowhere a man in ninja gear appeared next to the master.
"Yes, Master?" Dorvengal said.
"Deal with this nuisance." Jiemma ordered.
"As you command." Dorvengal nodded.
"You chickening out?" Natsu asked.
"Nonsense." Jiemma retorted. "Brats such as you are too low to even step on. If you wish to reach a master, then you better be prepared to show your resolve.".
"I came here for you!" Natsu shouted, dashing ahead.
"You will not reach the Master!" Dorvengal sprinted to intercept Natsu. He lunged forward with a four finger jab but Natsu ducked under it.
"Out of my way!" Natsu shouted as he swatted Dorvengal away with a back fist. "You're not the one I want!".
Sting's eyes widened in shock as he watched Dorvengal hit the ground.
"But Dorvengal is one of the top ten strongest wizard's in Sabertooth!" Lecter shouted in shock.
"Oh no!" Frosch fretted.
Jiemma continued looking on, his body slightly shaking in excitement.
Sting stepped forward. "Master, if you'll let me I can-"Jiemma held out his arm, cutting off the blonde Dragon Slayer.
"Stand back." Jiemma ordered, much to Sting's surprise. Jiemma then refocused on Natsu who was drawing back a flame fist. "We don't have anyone in Sabertooth like you, brat." Jiemma said. "Interesting!".
"Shut up and fight!" Natsu yelled. He punched Jiemma, who blocked with his forearm, the impact shaking the room around them.
Jiemma tensed up his forearm, using his magic to push Natsu back. "Is that all you have?!" he taunted.
Natsu slid across the ground as he blocked the debris hitting him. He bent down, sliding his fist against the ground as he rushed forward again. Jiemma's eyes widened in surprise as Natsu uppercutted him in the stomach, taking away his air.
He landed a hit on the Master! Sting thought.
That's impossible. Rogue thought.
Natsu didn't let up as he continued raining blows down on the Sabertooth Master. Each strike more thunderous than the last. Natsu drew back for his final attack, Jiemma's eyes widening again as he saw the dragon slayers fist ignite in both searing flames and crackling lightning.
THUNDER-FIRE DRAGON PERCUSSION HAMMER.
The blow caused a hole to be blown into the top of the inn, which could be seen by anyone strolling the streets at the hour. Although when the dust settled, a woman with long black hair now stood between Natsu and Jiemma, a weird energy projecting from her hands.
"Minerva?!" Jiemma shouted.
"Princess?" Sting said.
"That will be all for tonight." Minerva said to Natsu, a superior smirk on her lips.
"Who the hell are you?" Natsu growled.
"Minerva!" Jiemma shouted. "You dare interrupt…".
"If this battle were to continue you would have, of course, been the victor, Father." Minerva said to the enraged Jiemma "But in a position such as ours, appearances are everything. Even though this boy provoked you first, you striking him down would only bring ruin to Sabertooth's reputation. Although I can understand why you would respond in such a way, Father." She turned her attention to Natsu. "So what do you say? Will you give us the opportunity to save face?" Minerva waved her hands, the weird energy reappearing. In a flash, Happy was being cradled in her hands.
"Happy!" Natsu shouted.
"If you agree to leave peacefully, I'm sure your cat will be returned without incident." Minerva said as she petted the frightened exceed.
"Sorry Natsu…" Happy sobbed.
"Dammit." Natsu growled through clenched teeth.
"Even though you injured a number of our members, we will agree to keep this matter silent. I trust you will make the right decision." Minerva said, petting Happy's head again. "For your cat's sake.".
Natsu clenched his teeth and closed his eyes. Slowly he relented and loosened his fist.
"Release Happy at once!" a voice called out, causing Natsu to open his eyes. He looked back and saw….
"Erza?!" Natsu shouted.
"What's she doing here?!" Orga yelled. "She tryna pick a fight too?".
Erza walked towards Natsu and the others, her eyes fixed on Minerva and her sword pointed at her throat.
"The fabled Titania." Minerva smirked. "I thought that was you I saw with this adorable kitten. A pleasure that we can finally meet face to face.".
"I will not ask you a second time." Erza's glare hardened and her tone stiffened. "Release Happy.".
"That depends on him." Minerva said looking towards Natsu. "Do we have an agreement, Salamander?".
Natsu looked at Erza and then Happy. He reluctantly nodded his head. "Yeah.".
"Splendid." Minerva grinned, releasing Happy. "A very mature decision.".
The exceed ran crying into the dragon slayer's arms. "She grabbed me when Erza and I came looking for you." Happy sobbed. "I'm sorry.".
"It's ok, buddy." Natsu reassured. "I'm just glad you two are ok." He stood up, cradling Happy in his arms. He began to walk away. "Let's go back.".
"Aye." Happy said.
Natsu looked back, noticing that Erza was still glaring at Minerva. Minerva's confident smirk was matched by Erza's steel gaze. Everyone in the room could feel the intense air hanging around the two women. "Erza?" Natsu called.
"I'm coming." The redhead replied. She looked at Minerva few seconds more before recalling her sword and following behind Natsu.
"That brat has guts." Jiemma said of Natsu.
"He certainly is an interesting one." Minerva agreed. "As is Titania, but they will fall just like the others.".
Natsu and Erza stopped upon hearing Minerva's words. "We'll never lose to you." Natsu said. "And you'll never beat us.".
The four men on Team Sabertooth glared at Natsu.
Natsu turned his head, a strong look in his eyes. "If you call yourself a guild. Treat your comrade's right. That's what I came to say.".
"Come on, Natsu. We have to rest for tomorrow." Erza said as she resumed walking.
"Ok." Natsu said instep behind her.
The Sabertooth guild watched the pair walk away, at a complete loss for words.
Comradery…? Rogue thought.
Sting looked down, a sadistic smile on his lips as his body shook in excitement. I had no idea he was that strong. Natsu Dragneel…! "Heh." He chuckled.
Natsu, Erza and Happy exited Crocus Gardens; making their way back to their own inn.
Natsu noticed the serious look on Erza's face and began to sweat. "Soo…" he began nervously. "How did you find me?".
"Happy told me what happened when I returned to the inn." Erza replied.
Natsu gulped loudly. "Am I in trouble?" he asked, fearing the answer.
"You should be." Erza said. "I mean, attacking another guild at their inn during the games? Honestly, what were you thinking? You could have been grievously injured if they decided to attack with their strongest members. Not to mention what would have happened if they chose to report this to the tournament committee." Erza sighed.
Natsu drooped his head in shame.
A small smile then crossed Erza's lips. "But I can't say I blame you.".
"Huh?" Natsu said looking up at her.
"You were just looking out for a person in trouble. I wouldn't have expected you to do anything else." She grabbed his hand, causing the dragon slayer to blush.
"So, how's Yukino?" He asked looking away.
"I told her she could stay in our room for the night." Erza answered. "Lucy volunteered her bed, so those two will be sleeping together.".
"Well that's good." Natsu smiled.
"Oh you're not off the hook, Natsu." Erza said.
The dragon slayer gulped loudly.
"You're sleeping on the floor tonight.".
"What?" Natsu said. "But I…".
"Just because I understand why you did what you did, doesn't mean you get a free pass." Erza said.
"Aye." Natsu said sullenly.
Happy snickered at his friend's punishment.
…Next chapter is up. Tried to cool things out a bit before proceeding onto the next day. Tweaked a bit with character interactions and added some scenes/later plot development, so hopefully you guys enjoyed those.
Sidenote: It was brought to my attention recently via a guest review for one of my stories that me writing Juvia in first person is a bit ooc for her. Now while I can sort of concede that point I wanted to let you guys know something. While I do read the manga (still very behind I'm afraid), my first experience with Fairy Tail was with Funimation's english dub and in it Juvia speaks in the first person. Now despite this tweak she is still the same character personalty wise, just her speech quirk changed (which makes sense when you think of the connotations speaking in third person has in english). I hope this doesn't discourage you guys from reading my stories further lol.
Anyway, as always thanks for reading, leave a comment, and I will see you next time. :)
