Photo: Datto/Twitch.
I was up far, far too late last night watching a Destiny streamer, Datto, solve the game’s new ARG and unlock the resulting quest which ended with the acquisition of “Outbreak Prime,” Rise of Iron’s new exotic Pulse Rifle.
While I contributed exactly nothing to the mystery solving, other than uploading my data, I did correctly predict that the ARG, which kicked off no more than 36 hours ago, was indeed Rise of Iron’s version of The Taken King’s Sleeper Simulant quest, only this time an elaborate, community-solved puzzle led to the discovery of the weapon immediately, and nothing was hidden behind timegates. Given how quickly this was solved, under two days since the puzzle first went live, you might envision why Bungie used some measure of timegates in the first place. Now that Outbreak Prime has been discovered, it seems possible that the major secrets of Rise of Iron have all been found, as the quest ties together the ARG, the Raid’s monitor puzzle and the missing exotic quest from the game. But completing it yourself may be a tall order, even with a guide.
You’ll need a full raid team, one that listens to your instructions, in order to even get the quest in the first place. After that you’ll need a fireteam that has a Warlock, Hunter and Titan in it. While I was able to get the Sleeper Simulant as a solo player, Outbreak Prime, the SIVA-spewed Pulse Rifle absolutely requires a coordinated group.
This won’t be the most detailed guide to the quest you’ll find out there, but here’s an overview to show you just how complicated this is:
• After piecing together 1,000+ decoded JPG files from the ARG (thanks to the dedicated folks at /r/RaidSecrets), a map was formed for a specific room in the Raid. After you’ve found all four other secret monitors in the Raid (which have been discovered previously already), you and your team have to activate this puzzle that requires standing on certain cylinders as dictated by numbers (converted into binary) on monitors that correspond with columns and rows. Get the sequences right, and you’ll hear a loud noise that lets you know. After, you beat the raid, make your way to the hidden chest with the fifth and final monitor no one has been able to find until now. You’ll get a pretty new SIVA emblem for your troubles, and the quest will start.
Photo: Bungie/mg2brandon'(/r/DestinytheGame)
• This is where you’ll need your Hunter/Warlock/Titan fireteam. The objectives themselves are actually pretty simple: 50 pulse rifle kills, public events, Crucible matches/strikes and the Nightfall. But all have to be done with the team. In an effort to get world’s first, I watched Datto and his team dive off the edge of the map in Elimination matches to get the Crucible matches out of the way (you don’t have to win).
• The second step is to “synchronize the engine” which is actually a math puzzle using the SIVA engine itself, which is an item in your inventory. Everyone will have a different puzzle (well, some may repeat), and you have to get all the numbers to line up at the end by activating different nodes to add up to a single total. May take a little work, but it’s achievable.
• Third step is to “actively explore the Plaguelands” which seems similar to the weekly quest to unlock more Iron Lord artifacts. You also have to do three Archon’s Forge runs and destroy Sepiks Perfected by running that strike again. This time, it does not seem like you have to be in the Hunter/Warlock/Titan fireteam, making this possibly the easiest gameplay step of the bunch.
• After that you will have to “align the energy inputs” on the device, which is another inventory node puzzle. Each class has different values, Warlock is 13334, Titan is 42123, and Hunter is 24414, with 1 being the top and 4 being the bottom.
Photo: Datto/Twitch.
And voila, you now have Outbreak Prime. This is a strange quest as it actually seems to get easier as you go, but zooming out and looking at this thing as a whole, it’s absolutely the most complicated quest in the game. It may not be the hardest quest if you have a coordinated team, but it’s going to take some effort on your part, at least for initialization, if nothing else.
So far, Outbreak Prime looks to be a heavy hitting, highly stable pulse rifle, where its perks involve creating damaging SIVA swarms on enemies, both on headshot kills and repeated hits with the rifle. In the Crucible, this seems like it may produce a significant damage-over-time effect, making the Artifact that negates DoT suddenly that much more useful, perhaps.
The gun simply looks fantastic, and even though this was all solved in a day and a half or so, and may be Rise of Iron’s last great mystery, I’m very happy with the way this was handled by Bungie. While ideally, yes, it would be nice to make a mystery that would take a month or two to solve, that’s nearly impossible with the collective brainpower of the Destiny community working together on things like this. Therefore, Bungie either has to use timegates, or they make a tough puzzle that may be solved quickly, but the reward is immediately accessible. I’ll choose the latter in that situation, especially after a month of fruitless Sleeper Simulant hunting last year, when in the end, it was hidden behind a timegate.
It’s almost a touching quest, as rather than requiring any enormous feats of strength, it’s one that’s almost purely about teamwork. Teamwork of the community, to solve the ARG in the first place. Teamwork of your raid group, to unlock the quest. Teamwork of a fireteam, to complete the initial objectives. And that’s something that sums up the spirit of Destiny more than anything else, which is fitting for what may be the last great exotic quest of the game, ahead of the release of the sequel next year.
So, congratulations to Datto and his team for the find, and if you can rustle up friends or strangers to solve the Raid puzzle with you, the Outbreak Prime may be yours soon enough as well.
Follow me on Twitter and on Facebook. Pick up my sci-fi novels, The Last Exodus, The Exiled Earthborn and The Sons of Sora, which are now in print, online and on audiobook.
Why does The Walking Dead have such lasting appeal? Find out below:
