Despite facing a tough competition in the market, Asus is one brand that has been consistently making a mark out there with its attractive product design, let it be tablets, gaming laptops, or even smartphones. One of the newest entrant complementing the company's product portfolio is the recently launched Asus Zenfone 3, the flagship smartphone that was introduced in India last week alongside three more handsets in the same series -- the Zenfone 3 Deluxe, Zenfone 3 Laser and the Zenfone 3 Ultra. We have been testing the Zenfone 3 since past one week, running all kinds of applications, using it in the most gruelling situations and multi-tasking on it all the time. The device is available in two variants 3GB RAM+32GB storage for Rs 21,999 and 4GB RAM+64GB storage for Rs 27,999. We got our hands on the latter variant and here's our review. READ ALSO: ​ Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe: First impressions Design and display Asus has always been offering users a premium device when it comes to the design. If you liked the design of the Asus Zenfone 2, then you'll definitely love the Zenfone 3 . The Zenfone 3 sports an all-metal unibody with a glass coating at the back. It retains the spun-metal design language and has shining metals rims running along the edges, giving it a premium finish. The glass-coated back panel is sure attractive but is a fingerprint magnet as well. Although the Gold colour variant manages to hide most of the smudges, the Blue colour variant would require regular cleaning. At the front, there is a single speaker grille above the display along with sensors and a front-facing camera. Below the display you can see the usual three capacitive buttons. One of the downsides of these buttons is that they are non-backlit, so in low-light situations you might face a difficult time until and unless you are already used to them. Moving on, the Zenfone 3 finally ditched the regular microUSB port and instead uses USB Type-C. There is a speaker at the bottom, the position of which is not ideal when looking at videos in a landscape mode. The power and volume buttons are on the right and the hybrid SIM card slot is on the left. There's a camera at the back along with a dual-LED flash setup and a fingerprint sensor, another feature debuting in Zenfone 3 series. We are really impressed with the fingerprint sensor of the smartphone as it is reliable and works even if you have sweaty fingers. Setting it up was easy as well. Moving on to the display, the Asus Zenfone 3 comes with a 5.5-inch full HD display panel with good viewing angles. Although some of its competition are offering handsets with QHD display, we liked the inclusion of a full-HD panel as both would hardly make a difference in a 5.5-inch screen size for regular users. Also, pushing less number of pixels would save some battery life. Asus claims the Zenfone 3 has 77.3% screen-to- body ratio with Corning Gorilla Glass protection. It also has a "Splendid" app to customise the screen temperature and even use the Bluelight Fliter for less strain on the eyes. The display supports glove touch as well. Performance Asus Zenfone 3, being the highlight of the series, uses an octa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 processor with Adreno 506 GPU clubbed with 4GB RAM. Although the Snapdragon 625 is a mid-range processor, it makes any task work smoothly. We tried several apps ranging from Snapchat to Adobe Photoshop Lightroom and Asphalt 8 Airborne, all at the same time. The handset took care of them without any glitches. Android 6.0 Marshmallow-based ZenUI 3.0 was also easy to use and pretty straight forward. It has parallax scrolling, several themes, RAM boosting and power saving apps to efficiently go through the day. Once again we would like to point out that this is not the best processing combination we have seen in smartphones in this price-segment. However, Asus has always been betting big on offering seamless experience. Cameras are one of the most important areas in a smartphone and Asus has this time tried its best to offer a better camera experience with its Zenfone 3. READ ALSO: Asus Zenfone Go (ZB450KL) launched with 8MP rear camera in Russia The smartphone comes with a 16MP rear camera and an 8MP front-facing camera, both of which are not the best we've seen in the market but should be good enough for regular users. The images from the rear camera were snappy, both in daylight and in low light situations. There are several modes as well such as HDR Pro, low-light, Depth of field, GIFs, Time Lapse and more. It also has a Super Resolution mode, which can capture images in 92MP. While using it in low light we found the Auto mode better and snappier than the dedicated low-light mode, which not only takes more time to capture light, but also clicks images in low 4MP. The front-facing camera should come as a delight for selfie lovers. The Beatification more enhances the complete scene as you can set the level of skin tone, skin softening, cheek thinning and more. Lastly, the 3000Mah battery on the Asus Zenfone 3 impressively works for almost one full day on heavy use. For average users it should run for a full day without any hassle and takes almost 1.5 hours to charge from 0 to 100%. Verdict The Asus Zenfone 3, as we mentioned above, is available in two variants. The 3GB RAM and 32GB inbuilt storage variant costs Rs 21,999, while the 4GB RAM and 64GB storage version comes at Rs 27,999. The device's greatest competitors are the OnePlus 3 and the Xiaomi Mi 5 as they both sport the Snapdragon 820 processor, full HD displays, and one of them even has 6GB RAM. However, the Zenfone 3's ability to support microSD card up to 256GB, its attractive Spun-Metal design and the ZenUI 3.0 user interface with several customisation options makes the device worth a buy.